Article Id,Author,Department/University,Corresponding Author,Article Name,Type
2,Allan Collins,NaN,0,Why Cognitive Science,Original Article
3,Daniel G. Bobrow,Xerox Palo Alto Research Center,1,"An Overview of KRL, a Knowledge Representation Language",Original Article
3,Terry Winograd,Stanford University,0,"An Overview of KRL, a Knowledge Representation Language",Original Article
4,Wendy Lehnert,Yale University,1,Human and Computational Question Answering†,Original Article
5,Andrew Ortony,University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign,1,Definite Descriptions and Semantic Memory†,Original Article
5,Richard C. Anderson,University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign,0,Definite Descriptions and Semantic Memory†,Original Article
6,Professor Ira Goldstein,Massachusetts Institute of Technology,1,"Artificial Intelligence, Language, and the Study of Knowledge†‡",Original Article
6,Seymour Papert,Massachusetts Institute of Technology,0,"Artificial Intelligence, Language, and the Study of Knowledge†‡",Original Article
7,John R. Anderson,Yale University,1,Induction of Augmented Transition Networks†,Original Article
8,Jerome A. Feldman,University of Rochester,1,Decision Theory and Artificial Intelligence II: The Hungry Monkey†,Original Article
8,Robert F. Sproull,Xerox Palo Alto Research Center,0,Decision Theory and Artificial Intelligence II: The Hungry Monkey†,Original Article
9,"R. Bhaskar,",Carnegie-Mellon University,0,Problem Solving in Semantically Rich Domains: An Example from Engineering Thermodynamics†,Original Article
9,Herbert A. Simon,Carnegie-Mellon University,1,Problem Solving in Semantically Rich Domains: An Example from Engineering Thermodynamics†,Original Article
10,M. J. Steedman,University of Sussex,1,"Verbs, Time, and Modality†",Original Article
11,Yorick Wilks,University of Edinbur?gh,0,What Sort of Taxonomy of Causation Do We Need for Language Understanding?†,Original Article
12,Stephen M. Kosslyn,The Johns Hopkins University,1,A Simulation of Visual Imagery†,Original Article
12,Steven P. Shwartz,The Johns Hopkins University,0,A Simulation of Visual Imagery†,Original Article
13,J. R. Hayes,Carnegie-Mellon University,1,Identifying the Relevant Aspects of a Problem Text†,Original Article
13,"D. A. Waterman,",Carnegie-Mellon University,0,Identifying the Relevant Aspects of a Problem Text†,Original Article
13, Now at Information Sciences Department. Rand Corporation. C. S. Robinson,Carnegie-Mellon University,0,Identifying the Relevant Aspects of a Problem Text†,Original Article
14,Eugene Charniak,University of Geneva,1,Framed PAINTING: The Representation of a Common Sense Knowledge Fragment,Original Article
15,James A. Levin,USC Information Sciences Institute,1,Dialogue-Games: Metacommunication Structures for Natural Language Interaction†,Original Article
15,James A. Moore,USC Information Sciences Institute,0,Dialogue-Games: Metacommunication Structures for Natural Language Interaction†,Original Article
16,Roger C. Schank,Yale University,1,Rules and Topics in Conversation,Original Article
16, The research described here is funded by the Office of Naval Research under contract N00014-75C-1111. ,NaN,0,Rules and Topics in Conversation,Original Article
17,Jean Hayes,University of Edinburgh,1,Children's Visual Descriptions,Original Article
18,P. N. Johnson-Laird,University of Sussex,1,The Meaning of Modality,Original Article
19,Jaime G. Carbonell Jr,Yale University,1,POLITICS: Automated Ideological Reasoning†,Original Article
20,Andrew Ortony,University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign,1,"Remembering, Understanding, and Representation†",Original Article
21,Drew McDermott,Yale University,1,Planning and Acting†,Original Article
22,Laurence Miller,Harvard University,1,Has Artificial Intelligence Contributed to an Understanding of the Human Mind?: A Critique of Arguments For and Against,Original Article
23,Benjamin Kuipers,Massachusetts Institute of Technology,1,Modeling Spatial Knowledge†,Original Article
24,"John Seely Brown,",Bolt Beranek and Newman,0,Diagnostic Models for Procedural Bugs in Basic Mathematical Skills†,Original Article
24,Richard R. Burton,Bolt Beranek and Newman,1,Diagnostic Models for Procedural Bugs in Basic Mathematical Skills†,Original Article
26,"Bertram Bruce,",Bolt Beranek and Newman,0,Interacting Plans,Original Article
26,Denis Newman,University of California at San Diego,0,Interacting Plans,Original Article
27,Robert Wilensky,Yale University,0,Why John Married Mary: Understanding Stories Involving Recurring Goals,Original Article
28,George Lakoff,"University of California, Berkeley",0,Some Remarks on AI and Linguistics,Original Article
29,Drew McDermott,Yale University,0,"Tarskian Semantics, or No Notation Without Denotation!",Original Article
30,Rachel Reichman,Harvard University and Bolt Beranek and Newman,0,Conversational Coherency†,Original Article
31,David Isles,Tufts University,0,Artificial Intelligence as a Possible Tool for Discovering Laws of Logic,Original Article
32,Edwina Rissland Michener,Massachusetts Institute of Technology,0,Understanding Understanding Mathematics,Original Article
33,Bonnie Lynn Webber,"University of Pennsylvania and Bolt Beranek and Newman, Inc.",0,On Deriving Aspectual Sense,Original Article
34,Robert Wilensky,University of California at Berkeley,1,A Conceptual Analysis of the Verbs Need and Want†,Original Article
35,"Wendy Lehnert,",Yale University,0,A Critical Perspective on KRL,Original Article
35,Yorick Wilks,University of Essex,0,A Critical Perspective on KRL,Original Article
36,"Daniel G. Bobrow,",Xerox Palo Alto Research Center and Stanford University,0,KRL: Another Perspective,Original Article
36,Terry Winograd,Xerox Palo Alto Research Center and Stanford University,0,KRL: Another Perspective,Original Article
37,"Robert de Beaugrande,",University of Florida,0,Narrative Models of Action and Interaction†,Original Article
37,Benjamin N. Colby,"University of California, Irvine",0,Narrative Models of Action and Interaction†,Original Article
38,Jerry R. Hobbs,"SRI International, Menlo Park. CA",0,Coherence and Coreference†,Original Article
39,Annette Karmiloff-Smith,"Geneva University and Mar-Planck-Projektgruppe fur Psycholinguistik, Nijmegen",0,Micro- and Macrodevelopmental Changes in Language Acquisition and Other Representational Systems†,Original Article
40,"Barbara Hayes-Roth,","Rand Corporation, Santa Monica, California",0,Configural Effects in Human Memory: The Superiority of Memory over External Information Sources as a Basis for Inference Verification†,Original Article
40,Carol Walker,"Military Personnel Center, Alexandria, Virginia",0,Configural Effects in Human Memory: The Superiority of Memory over External Information Sources as a Basis for Inference Verification†,Original Article
41,Sharon C. Salveter,State University of New York at Stony Brook,0,Inferring Conceptual Graphs†,Original Article
43,P. N. Johnson-Laird,"University of Sussex, Brighton, England",0,Will There Be Any Neat Solutions to Small Problems in Cognitive Science?,Original Article
44,"Philip R. Cohen,",Bolt Beranek and Newman Inc.,0,Elements of a Plan-Based Theory of Speech Acts†,Original Article
44,C. Raymond Perrault,University of Toronto,0,Elements of a Plan-Based Theory of Speech Acts†,Original Article
45,John B. Black,Yale University,1,An Evaluation of Story Grammars†,Original Article
45,Robert Wilensky,"University of California, Berkeley",0,An Evaluation of Story Grammars†,Original Article
46,Geoffrey Hinton,"University of California, San Diego",1,Some Demonstrations of the Effects of Structural Descriptions in Mental Imagery†,Original Article
47,Gerald DeJong,Yale University,0,Prediction and Substantiation: A New Approach to Natural Language Processing†,Original Article
48,Barbara Hayes-Roth,"The Rand Corporation, Santa Monica, California",1,A Cognitive Model of Planning†,Original Article
48,Frederick Hayes-Roth,"The Rand Corporation, Santa Monica, California",0,A Cognitive Model of Planning†,Original Article
49,Roger Chaffin,Buena Vista College,0,Knowledge of Language and Knowledge about the World: A Reaction Time Study of Invited and Necessary Inferences†,Original Article
50,Elaine Rich,The University of Texas at Austin,0,User Modeling via Stereotypes†,Original Article
51,Robert P. Abelson,Yale University,0,Differences Between Belief and Knowledge Systems†,Original Article
52,Donald A. Norman,"University of California, San Diego",0,Twelve Issues for Cognitive Science,Original Article
53,Herbert A. Simon,Carnegie-Mellon University,0,Cognitive Science: The Newest Science of the Artificial†,Original Article
54,John R. Searle,"University of California, Berkeley",0,The Intentionality of Intention and Action†,Original Article
55,P.N. Johnson-Laird,University of Sussex,0,Mental Models in Cognitive Science,Original Article
57,Marvin Minsky,"Massachusetts Institute of Technology, USA",0,K-Lines: A theory of Memory,Original Article
58,Allen Newell,Carnegie-Mellon University,0,Physical Symbol Systems†,Original Article
59,Norman Geschwind,"Harvard Medical School Massachusetts Institute of Technology, USA",0,Neurological Knowledge and Complex Behaviors,Original Article
60,"George Lakoff,","University of California, Berkeley",0,The Metaphorical Structure of the Human Conceptual System,Original Article
60,Mark Johnson,Southern Illinois University,0,The Metaphorical Structure of the Human Conceptual System,Original Article
61,Terry Winograd,Stanford University,0,What Does it Mean to Understand Language?,Original Article
62,Roger C. Schank,Yale University,0,Language and Memory†,Original Article
63,Christopher K. Riesbeck,Yale University,0,“You Can't Miss it!”: Judging the Clarity of Directions,Original Article
64,"Jean M. Mandler,","University of California, San Diego",0,On Throwing Out the Baby with the Bathwater: A Reply to Black and Wilensky's Evaluation of Story Grammars†,Original Article
64,Nancy S. Johnson,State University of New York at Buffalo,0,On Throwing Out the Baby with the Bathwater: A Reply to Black and Wilensky's Evaluation of Story Grammars†,Original Article
65,David E. Rumelhart,"University of California, San Diego",0,On Evaluating Story Grammars†,Original Article
66,"Jill H. Larkin,",Carnegie-Mellon University,0,Models of Competence in Solving Physics Problems†,Original Article
66,"John McDermott,",Carnegie-Mellon University,0,Models of Competence in Solving Physics Problems†,Original Article
66,"Dorothea P. Simon,",Carnegie-Mellon University,0,Models of Competence in Solving Physics Problems†,Original Article
66,Herbert A. Simon,Carnegie-Mellon University,0,Models of Competence in Solving Physics Problems†,Original Article
67,"Jerry R. Hobbs,","SRI International, Menlo Park CA.",0,Conversation as Planned Behavior,Original Article
67,David Andreoff Evans,"Stanford University, Stanford, CA.",0,Conversation as Planned Behavior,Original Article
68,"John Seely Brown,",Xerox Palo Alto Research Center,0,Repair Theory: A Generative Theory of Bugs in Procedural Skills,Original Article
68,Kurt VanLehn,Xerox Palo Alto Research Center,0,Repair Theory: A Generative Theory of Bugs in Procedural Skills,Original Article
69,Alan Garnham,University of Texas at Austin,0,"Default Values, Criteria and Constructivism",Original Article
69, Experimental Psychology. Sussex Unrversity. Brigphton BNI 9QG. England. ,NaN,0,"Default Values, Criteria and Constructivism",Original Article
73,"Robert W. LawlerMassachusetts Institute of Technology Logo Project Artificial Intelligence Laboratory Division for Study and Research in Education Cambridge, Mass., 02139",NaN,0,The Progressive Construction of Mind,Original Article
74,"Pat LangleyDepartment of Psychology Carnegie-Mellon University Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15213",NaN,0,Data-Driven Discovery of Physical Laws,Original Article
75,George F. LugerDepartment of Artificial Intelligence University of Edinburgh,NaN,0,Mathematical Model Building in the Solution of Mechanics Problems: Human Protocols and the MECHO Trace,Original Article
75, Dept. of Computer Science University of New Mexico ,NaN,0,Mathematical Model Building in the Solution of Mechanics Problems: Human Protocols and the MECHO Trace,Original Article
76,"Alan M. Frisch,Department of Computer Science Mathematical Sciences Building The University of Rochester Rochester, NY 14627",NaN,0,A Re-Evaluation of Story Grammars†,Original Article
76,"Donald PerlisDepartment of Computer Science Mathematical Sciences Building The University of Rochester Rochester, NY 14627",NaN,0,A Re-Evaluation of Story Grammars†,Original Article
77,"Michael David Williams,","Xerox, PARC",0,The Process of Retrieval from Very Long-Term Memory,Original Article
77,James D. Hollan,"University of California, San Diego",0,The Process of Retrieval from Very Long-Term Memory,Original Article
78,Michelene T. H. Chi,University of Pittsburgh,1,Categorization and Representation of Physics Problems by Experts and Novices†,Original Article
78,"Paul J. Feltovich,",University of Pittsburgh,0,Categorization and Representation of Physics Problems by Experts and Novices†,Original Article
78,Robert Glaser,University of Pittsburgh,0,Categorization and Representation of Physics Problems by Experts and Novices†,Original Article
79,"Richard M. Young,","MRC Applied Psychology Unit, Cambridge, England",0,Errors in Children's Subtraction,Original Article
79,Tim O'Shea,The Open University,0,Errors in Children's Subtraction,Original Article
80,Roy Goodwin D'Andrade,"Department of Anthropology, University of California, San Diego",0,The Cultural Part of Cognition,Original Article
81,Robert Wilensky,"Computer Science Division, Department of EECS, University of California, Berkeley",0,Meta-Planning: Representing and Using Knowledge About Planning in Problem Solving and Natural Language Understanding†,Original Article
82,"Paul E. Johnson,",University of Minnesota,0,Expertise and Error in Diagnostic Reasoning†,Original Article
82,"Alica S. Duran,",University of Minnesota,0,Expertise and Error in Diagnostic Reasoning†,Original Article
82,"Frank Hassebrock,",University of Minnesota,0,Expertise and Error in Diagnostic Reasoning†,Original Article
82,"James Moller,",University of Minnesota,0,Expertise and Error in Diagnostic Reasoning†,Original Article
82,"Michael Prietula,",University of Minnesota,0,Expertise and Error in Diagnostic Reasoning†,Original Article
82,"Paul J. Feltovich,",University of Pittsburgh,0,Expertise and Error in Diagnostic Reasoning†,Original Article
82,David B. Swanson,University of Rochester,0,Expertise and Error in Diagnostic Reasoning†,Original Article
83,Eugene Charniak,"Dept. of Computer Science, Brown University",0,The Case-Slot Identity Theory†,Original Article
84,Wendy G. Lehnert,"Department of Computer Science, Yale University, New Haven, Connecticut 06520",0,Plot Units and Narrative Summarization†,Original Article
85,Thomas W. Malone,"Xerox Palo Alto Research Center, Palo Alto, California 94304.",0,Toward a Theory of Intrinsically Motivating Instruction†,Original Article
86,"Martha J. Farah,","Department of Psychology and Social Relations, Harvard University, Cambridge, Mass.02138",0,Structure and Strategy in Image Generation†,Original Article
86,Stephen M. Kosslyn,"Department of Psychology and Social Relations, Harvard University, Cambridge, Mass.02138",0,Structure and Strategy in Image Generation†,Original Article
89,"David E. Rumelhart,","Department of Psychology, Program in Cognitive Science Center for Human Information Processing University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093",0,Simulating a Skilled Typist: A Study of Skilled Cognitive-Motor Performance,Original Article
89,Donald A. Norman,"Department of Psychology, Program in Cognitive Science Center for Human Information Processing University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093",0,Simulating a Skilled Typist: A Study of Skilled Cognitive-Motor Performance,Original Article
90,Andrea A. DiSessa,"Division for Study and Research in Education Massachusetts Institute of Technology Cambridge, MA",0,Unlearning Aristotelian Physics: A Study of Knowledge-Based Learning†,Original Article
91,Stephanie Thornton,"Developmental Psychology, Cognitive Studies Program, University of Sussex, England",0,Challenging “Early Competence”: A Process Oriented Analysis of Children's Classifying,Original Article
92,Drew McDermott,Yale University Department of Computer Science,0,A Temporal Logic for Reasoning about Processes and Plans†,Original Article
93,"Robert Thibadeau,","Department of Psychology Carnegie-Mellon University Pittsburgh, PA 15213",0,A Model of the Time Course and Content of Reading†,Original Article
93,"Marcel Adam Just,","Department of Psychology Carnegie-Mellon University Pittsburgh, PA 15213",0,A Model of the Time Course and Content of Reading†,Original Article
93,Patricia A. Carpenter,"Department of Psychology Carnegie-Mellon University Pittsburgh, PA 15213",0,A Model of the Time Course and Content of Reading†,Original Article
94,"J.A. Feldman,","Computer Science Department University of Rochester Rochester, NY 14627",0,Connectionist Models and Their Properties,Original Article
94,D.H. Ballard,"Computer Science Department University of Rochester Rochester, NY 14627",0,Connectionist Models and Their Properties,Original Article
95,"Roger C. Schank,Gregg C. Collins,Ernest Davis,Peter N. Johnson,Steve Lytinen,Brian J. Reiser",NaN,0,What's the Point?†,Original Article
96,"Daniel N. Osherson,","Center for Cognitive Science M.I.T. Cambridge, MA",0,Ideal Learning Machines†,Original Article
96,"Michael Stob,",Department of Mathematics Calvin College,0,Ideal Learning Machines†,Original Article
96,Scott Weinstein,Department of Philosophy University of Pennsylvania,0,Ideal Learning Machines†,Original Article
97,"Anthony S. Maida,",Brown University,0,Intensional Concepts in Propositional Semantic Networks†,Original Article
97,Stuart C. Shapiro,State University of New York at Buffalo,0,Intensional Concepts in Propositional Semantic Networks†,Original Article
98,Richard E. Fikes,Cognitive and Instructional Sciences Group Xerox Palo Alto Research Center,0,A Commitment-Based Framework for Describing Informal Cooperative Work†,Original Article
99,Robert William Milne,Department of Electrical Engineering Air Force Institute of Technology Wright-Patterson Air Force Base Ohio 45433,0,Predicting Garden Path Sentences†,Original Article
103,Michael Lebowitz,"Columbia University, Department of Computer Science",0,Generalization From Natural Language Text†,Original Article
104,Barbara Y. White,Massachusetts Institute of Technology,1,Sources of Difficulty in Understanding Newtonian Dynamics†,Original Article
105,Brian V. Funt,"Department of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Vancouver, British Columbia VSA IS6",0,A Parallel-Process Model of Mental Rotation†,Original Article
106,Yorick Wilks,Cognitive Studies Centre University of Essex,1,"Beliefs, Points of View, and Multiple Environments†",Original Article
106,Janusz Bien,Institute of Informatics Warsaw University,0,"Beliefs, Points of View, and Multiple Environments†",Original Article
107,John M. Carroll,IBM Watson Research Center,1,Nameheads†,Original Article
108,Dedre Gentner,Bolt Beranek and Newman Inc.,1,Structure-Mapping: A Theoretical Framework for Analogy†,Original Article
109,Eugene Charniak,Brown University,1,Passing Markers: A Theory of Contextual Influence in Language Comprehension†,Original Article
110,Jennifer J. Freyd,Stanford University,1,Shareability: The Social Psychology of Epistemology†,Original Article
111,Michael G. Dyer,Computer Science Department Yale University,1,The Role of Affect in Narratives†,Original Article
112,Janet L. Kolodner,Georgia Institute of Technology,0,Maintaining Organization in a Dynamic Long-Term Memory†,Original Article
113,Janet L. Kolodner,Georgia Institute of Technology,0,Reconstructive Memory: A Computer Model†,Original Article
114,Alan H. Schoenfeld,The University of Rochester,0,"Beyond the Purely Cognitive: Belief Systems, Social Cognitions, and Metacognitions As Driving Forces in Intellectual Performance†",Original Article
118,Lawrence W. Barsalou,Emory University,1,Discrimination Nets as Psychological Models†,Original Article
118,Gordon H. Bower,Stanford University,0,Discrimination Nets as Psychological Models†,Original Article
119,Benjamin Cohen,"Department of Computer Science, Boston College",1,Models of Concepts†,Original Article
119,Gregory L. Murphy,"Department of Psychology, Brown University",1,Models of Concepts†,Original Article
120,James Paul Gee,Boston University,1,Empirical Evidence for Narrative Structure†,Original Article
120,Francois Grosjean,Northeastern University,0,Empirical Evidence for Narrative Structure†,Original Article
121,John R. Anderson,Carnegie-Mellon University,1,Learning to Program in LISP†,Original Article
121,"Robert Farrell,",Carnegie-Mellon University,0,Learning to Program in LISP†,Original Article
121,Ron Sauers,Carnegie-Mellon University,0,Learning to Program in LISP†,Original Article
122,Seth Chaiklin,University of Pittsburgh,1,On the Nature of Verbal Rules and Their Role in Problem Solving†,Original Article
123,Caroline Carrithers,Columbia University,1,Eye-Fixation Patterns During Reading Confirm Theories of Language Comprehension†,Original Article
123,Thomas G. Bever,Columbia University,1,Eye-Fixation Patterns During Reading Confirm Theories of Language Comprehension†,Original Article
124,Marlene Scardamalia,"York University, Ontario",1,Teachability of Reflective Processes in Written Composition,Original Article
124,"Carl Bereiter,",The Ontario Institute for Studies in Education,0,Teachability of Reflective Processes in Written Composition,Original Article
124,Rosanne Steinbach,The Ontario Institute for Studies in Education,0,Teachability of Reflective Processes in Written Composition,Original Article
125,Trevor A. Harley,"University of Dundee, Scotland",1,A Critique of Top-down Independent Levels Models of Speech Production: Evidence from Non-plan-Internal Speech Errors†,Original Article
126,Dr. Yuichiro Anzai,Faculty of Science and Technology Keio University,1,Cognitive Control of Real-Time Event-Driven Systems†,Original Article
127,David E. Kieras,University of Michigan,1,The Role of a Mental Model in Learning to Operate a Device†,Original Article
127,Susan Bovair,University of Michigan,0,The Role of a Mental Model in Learning to Operate a Device†,Original Article
128,Raymond W. Gibbs Jr.,"University of California, Santa Cruz",1,Literal Meaning and Psychological Theory†,Original Article
129,"Edward A. Feigenbaum,",Stanford University,0,EPAM-like Models of Recognition and Learning†,Original Article
129,Herbert A. Simon,Carnegie-Mellon University,1,EPAM-like Models of Recognition and Learning†,Original Article
130,Edward E. Smith,"Bolt Beranek and Newman, Inc.",1,Conceptual Combination with Prototype Concepts†,Original Article
130,Daniel N. Osherson,Massachusetts Institute of Technology,0,Conceptual Combination with Prototype Concepts†,Original Article
131,Benjamin Kuipers,Massachusetts Institute of Technology,1,Causal Reasoning in Medicine: Analysis of a Protocol,Original Article
131,Jerome P. Kassirer,Tufts University,0,Causal Reasoning in Medicine: Analysis of a Protocol,Original Article
132,D. Sleeman,Heuristic Programming Project** Computer Science Department Stanford University,1,An Attempt to Understand Students' Understanding of Basic Algebra†,Original Article
133,Carl Martin Allwood,University of Göteborg,1,Error Detection Processes in Statistical Problem Solving,Original Article
138,Gary S. Dell,University of Rochester,1,Positive Feedback in Hierarchical Connectionist Models: Applications to Language Production†,Original Article
139,Daniel Sabbah,IBM T. J. Watson Research Center,1,Computing with Connections In Visual Recognition of Origami Objects†,Original Article
140,David L. Waltz,Coordinated Science Laboratory University of Illinois,1,Massively Parallel Parsing: A Strongly Interactive Model of Natural Language Interpretation†,Original Article
140,Jordan B. Pollack,Coordinated Science Laboratory University of Illinois,0,Massively Parallel Parsing: A Strongly Interactive Model of Natural Language Interpretation†,Original Article
141,David E. Rumelhart,University of California at San Diego,1,Feature Discovery by Competitive Learning†,Original Article
141,David Zipser,University of California at San Diego,0,Feature Discovery by Competitive Learning†,Original Article
142,James L. McClelland,Carnegie Mellon University,1,Putting Knowledge in its Place: A Scheme for Programming Parallel Processing Structures on the Fly,Original Article
143,David H. Ackley,Computer Science Department Carnegie-Mellon University,1,A Learning Algorithm for Boltzmann Machines†,Original Article
143,"Geoffrey E. Hinton,",Computer Science Department Carnegie-Mellon University,0,A Learning Algorithm for Boltzmann Machines†,Original Article
143,Terrence J. Sejnowski,Biophysics Department The Johns Hopkins University,0,A Learning Algorithm for Boltzmann Machines†,Original Article
145,Ronald J. Brachman,Schlumberger Palo Alto Research,1,An Overview of the KL-ONE Knowledge Representation System†,Original Article
145,James G. Schmolze,BBN Laboratories Inc.,0,An Overview of the KL-ONE Knowledge Representation System†,Original Article
146,Pat Langley,The Robotics Institute Carnegie-Mellon University,1,Learning to Search: From Weak Methods to Domain-Specific Heuristics†,Original Article
147,"William H. Walker,",University of Colorado,0,Automatic and Strategic Aspects of Knowledge Retrieval†,Original Article
147,Walter Kintsch,University of Colorado,1,Automatic and Strategic Aspects of Knowledge Retrieval†,Original Article
149,Michael Lebowitz,"Department of Computer Science, Columbia University",1,Categorizing Numeric Information for Generalization†,Original Article
150,Glenn Shafer,"School of Business, University of Kansas",1,Languages and Designs for Probability Judgment†,Original Article
150,Amos Tversky,"Department of Psychology, Stanford University",0,Languages and Designs for Probability Judgment†,Original Article
151,Annette Herskovits,"Institute of Cognitive Studies University of California Berkeley, CA 94720",1,Semantics and Pragmatics of Locative Expressions†,Original Article
152,Kathleen Dahlgren,Pitzer College,1,The Cognitive Structure of Social Categories†,Original Article
154,Michael H. Kelly,Cornell University,1,The More Things Change…: Metamorphoses and Conceptual Structure†,Original Article
154,Frank C. Keil,Cornell University,1,The More Things Change…: Metamorphoses and Conceptual Structure†,Original Article
155,Beth Adelson,Yale University,1,Comparing Natural and Abstract Categories: A Case Study from Computer Science,Original Article
156,Kathleen E. Metz,Carnegie-Mellon University,1,The Development of Children's Problem Solving in a Gears Task: A Problem Space Perspective,Original Article
157,William Bechtel,Georgia State University,1,"Realism, Instrumentalism, and the Intentional Stance†",Original Article
162,Ronald W. Langacker,"University of California, San Diego, USA",1,An Introduction to Cognitive Grammar,Original Article
163,Renée Elio,Carnegie-Mellon University,1,Representation of Similar Well-Learned Cognitive Procedures,Original Article
164,Willett Kempton,Michigan State University,1,Two Theories of Home Heat Control†,Original Article
165,Vimla L. Patel,McGill University,1,Knowledge Based Solution Strategies in Medical Reasoning,Original Article
165,Guy J. Groen,McGill University,0,Knowledge Based Solution Strategies in Medical Reasoning,Original Article
167,Robert Thibadeau,"Robotics Institute Carnegie-Mellon University Pittsburgh, PA 15213",1,Artificial Perception of Actions,Original Article
168,Naomi Miyake,"Institute for Cognitive Science University of California at San Diego, Calofornia at San Diego",1,Constructive Interaction and the Iterative Process of Understanding,Original Article
169,Suzanne Hidi,Center for Applied Cognitive Science Ontario Institute for Studies in Education,1,Interestingness—A Neglected Variable in Discourse Processing,Original Article
169,William Baird,Center for Applied Cognitive Science Ontario Institute for Studies in Education,0,Interestingness—A Neglected Variable in Discourse Processing,Original Article
170,Hugh W. Buckingham,"Department of Speech Louisiana State University Baton Rouge, LA 70803",1,The Scan-Copier Mechanism and the Positional Level of Language Production: Evidence from Phonemic Paraphasia,Original Article
171,Michael Lebowitz,"Department of Computer Science Columbia University New York, NY 10027",1,Integrated Learning: Controlling Explanation,Original Article
172,Richard M. Golden,"Brown University Psychology Department, Box 1853 Providence, RI 02912",1,A Developmental Neural Model of Visual Word Perception,Original Article
173,Dedre Gentner,"Department of Psychology University of Illinois 603 East Daniel Street Champaign, IL 61820",1,Systematicity and Surface Similarity in the Development of Analogy,Original Article
173,Cecile Toupin,"Department of Psychology University of California Berkeley, CA 94720",0,Systematicity and Surface Similarity in the Development of Analogy,Original Article
174,Paul Thagard,University of Michigan-Dearborn Princeton University,1,Parallel Computation and the Mind-Body Problem,Original Article
175,John A. Barnden,"Computer Science Department Indiana University Bloomington, Indiana 47405",1,Imputations and Explications: Representational Problems in Treatments of Prepositional Attitudes,Original Article
177,William J. Rapaport,"State University of New York, Buffalo",1,Logical Foundations for Belief Representation,Original Article
178,Daniel G. Morrow,Stanford University,1,Grammatical Morphemes and Conceptual Structure in Discourse Processing,Original Article
179,Louann Gerken,Columbia University,1,Linguistic Intuitions are the Result of Interactions Between Perceptual Processes and Linguistic Universals,Original Article
179,Thomas G. Bever,University of Rochester,0,Linguistic Intuitions are the Result of Interactions Between Perceptual Processes and Linguistic Universals,Original Article
180,Thomas K. Landauer,Bell Communications Research,1,How much Do People Remember? Some Estimates of the Quantity of Learned Information in Long-term Memory,Original Article
184,John Dinsmore,NaN,0,Mental Spaces from a Functional Perspective,Original Article
185,Stephen Grossberg,NaN,0,Competitive Learning: From Interactive Activation to Adaptive Resonance,Original Article
186,Jill H. Larkin,NaN,0,Why a Diagram is (Sometimes) Worth Ten Thousand Words,Original Article
186,Herbert A. SimonCarnegie-Mellon University,NaN,0,Why a Diagram is (Sometimes) Worth Ten Thousand Words,Original Article
187,Henry Hamburger,NaN,0,Plans and Semantics in Human Processing of Language,Original Article
187,Stephen CrainUniversity of Connecticut,NaN,0,Plans and Semantics in Human Processing of Language,Original Article
189,Andy Clark,"University of Sussex Brighton, England",1,From Folk Psychology to Naive Psychology,Original Article
190,Marc Krellenstein,New School for Social Research Access Technology,1,A reply to “parallel Computation and the Mind-Body Problem”,Original Article
191,Paul Thagard,Princeton University,1,Reply to Krellenstein on Parallel Computation,Original Article
192,Diane J. Litman,AT&T Bell Laboratories,1,A Plan Recognition Model for Subdialogues in Conversations,Original Article
192,James F. Allen,Department of Computer Science University of Rochester,0,A Plan Recognition Model for Subdialogues in Conversations,Original Article
193,Gerard Kempen,"Department of Psychology University of Nijmegen, The Netherlands",1,An Incremental Procedural Grammar for Sentence Formulation,Original Article
193,Edward Hoenkamp,"Department of Psychology University of Nijmegen, The Netherlands",0,An Incremental Procedural Grammar for Sentence Formulation,Original Article
194,Marcelo Dascal,Tel Aviv University Israel,1,Defending Literal Meaning,Original Article
194," Currently a fellow at the Netherlands Institute for Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences at Wassenaar, The Netherlands, where work on this paper has been conducted, and to which acknowledgement is gratefully made. I wish to thank Elda Weizman and Edson Francozo for their comments on an earlier draft of this paper, as well as to two anonymous referees whose comments were very helpful. ",NaN,0,Defending Literal Meaning,Original Article
195,Ronald P. Loui,University of Rochester,1,Response to Hanks and McDermott: Temporal Evolution of Beliefs and Beliefs about Temporal Evolution,Original Article
196,Douglas L. Medin,University of Illinois,1,Constraints and Preferences in Inductive Learning: An Experimental Study of Human and Machine Performance,Original Article
196,"William D. Wattenmaker,",University of Illinois,0,Constraints and Preferences in Inductive Learning: An Experimental Study of Human and Machine Performance,Original Article
196,Ryszard S. Michalski,University of Illinois,0,Constraints and Preferences in Inductive Learning: An Experimental Study of Human and Machine Performance,Original Article
197,Andrew Ortony,University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign,1,The Referential Structure of the Affective Lexicon,Original Article
197,"Gerald L. Clore,",University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign,0,The Referential Structure of the Affective Lexicon,Original Article
197,Mark A. Foss,University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign,0,The Referential Structure of the Affective Lexicon,Original Article
198,Barbara A. Fox,University of Colorado,1,Interactional Reconstruction in Real-Time Language Processing,Original Article
201,Frederick Reif,University of California at Berkeley,1,Interpretation of Scientific or Mathematical Concepts: Cognitive Issues and Instructional Implications,Original Article
202,Morton E. Winston,Trenton State College,1,A Taxonomy of Part-Whole Relations,Original Article
202,"Roger Chaffin,",Trenton State College,0,A Taxonomy of Part-Whole Relations,Original Article
202,Douglas Herrmann,Hamilton College,0,A Taxonomy of Part-Whole Relations,Original Article
203,Bipin Indurkhya,Boston University,1,Approximate Semantic Transference: A Computational Theory of Metaphors and Analogies,Original Article
204,John L. Pollock,University of Arizona,1,Defeasible Reasoning,Original Article
210,David Klahr,NaN,0,Dual Space Search During Scientific Reasoning,Original Article
210,Kevin DunbarDepartment of Psychology Carnegie-Mellon University,NaN,0,Dual Space Search During Scientific Reasoning,Original Article
211,Leonard Talmy,NaN,0,Force Dynamics in Language and Cognition,Original Article
212,Jill H. Larkin,NaN,0,FERMI: A Flexible Expert Reasoner with Multi-Domain Inferencing,Original Article
212,"Frederick Reif,University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,FERMI: A Flexible Expert Reasoner with Multi-Domain Inferencing,Original Article
212,"Jaime Carbonell,Carnegie-Mellon University",NaN,0,FERMI: A Flexible Expert Reasoner with Multi-Domain Inferencing,Original Article
212,Angela GugliottaCarnegie-Mellon University,NaN,0,FERMI: A Flexible Expert Reasoner with Multi-Domain Inferencing,Original Article
214,"Deepak Kulkarni,",Carnegie-Mellon University,0,The Processes of Scientific Discovery: The Strategy of Experimentation,Original Article
214,Herbert A. Simon,Carnegie-Mellon University,1,The Processes of Scientific Discovery: The Strategy of Experimentation,Original Article
215,Benjamin Kuipers,University of Texas at Austin,1,Critical Decisions under Uncertainty: Representation and Structure,Original Article
215,"Alan J. Moskowitz,",Tufts University School of Medicine,0,Critical Decisions under Uncertainty: Representation and Structure,Original Article
215,Jerome P. Kassirer,Tufts University School of Medicine,0,Critical Decisions under Uncertainty: Representation and Structure,Original Article
216,Clayton Lewis,University of Colorado,1,Why and How to Learn Why: Analysis-based Generalization of Procedures,Original Article
217,John Sweller,University of New South Wales,1,Cognitive Load During Problem Solving: Effects on Learning,Original Article
218,Lawrence Hunter,Yale University,1,Estimating Human Cognitive Capacities: A Response to Landauer†,Original Article
219,Thomas K. Landauer,Bellcore,1,"An Estimate of How Much People Remember, Not of Underlying Cognitive Capacities",Original Article
221,James D. Keeler,University of California at San Diego,1,Comparison Between Kanerva's SDM and Hopfield-type Neural Networks,Original Article
222,Lokendra Shastri,Computer and Information Science Department University of Pennsylvania,1,A Connectionist Approach to Knowledge Representation and Limited Inference,Original Article
223,Richard Alterman,Brandeis University,1,Adaptive Planning,Original Article
224,David S. Touretzky,Carnegie Mellon University,1,A Distributed Connectionist Production System,Original Article
224,Geoffrey E. Hinton,Carnegie Mellon University,0,A Distributed Connectionist Production System,Original Article
227,Edward E. Smith,University of Michigan,1,Combining Prototypes: A Selective Modification Model,Original Article
227,"Daniel N. Osherson,",Massachusetts Institute of Technology,0,Combining Prototypes: A Selective Modification Model,Original Article
227,"Lance J. Rips,",University of Chicago,0,Combining Prototypes: A Selective Modification Model,Original Article
227,Margaret Keane,Massachusetts Institute of Technology,0,Combining Prototypes: A Selective Modification Model,Original Article
228,Gregory L. Murphy,Brown University,1,Comprehending Complex Concepts,Original Article
229,John Clement,University of Massachusetts,1,Observed Methods for Generating Analogies in Scientific Problem Solving,Original Article
230,Dorrit Billman,University of Pennsylvania,1,Observational Learning From Internal Feedback: A Simulation of an Adaptive Learning Method,Original Article
230,Evan Heit,Stanford University,0,Observational Learning From Internal Feedback: A Simulation of an Adaptive Learning Method,Original Article
236,Allan Collins,Bolt Beranek and Newman Inc.,1,The Logic of Plausible Reasoning: A Core Theory,Original Article
236,Ryszard Michalski,George Mason University,0,The Logic of Plausible Reasoning: A Core Theory,Original Article
237,"Ronald A. Finks,",Texas A&M University,0,Reinterpreting Visual Patterns in Mental Imagery,Original Article
237,Steven Pinker,Massachusetts Institute of Technology,1,Reinterpreting Visual Patterns in Mental Imagery,Original Article
237,Martha J. Farah,Carnegie-Mellon University,0,Reinterpreting Visual Patterns in Mental Imagery,Original Article
238,James A. Hendler,University of Maryland,1,Marker-passing over Microfeatures: Towards a Hybrid Symbolic/Connectionist Model,Original Article
239,Robert F. Hadley,Simon Fraser University,1,A Default-Oriented Theory of Procedural Semantics,Original Article
240,William M. Ramsey,"University of California, San Diego",1,Parallelism and Functionalism,Original Article
241,nan,NaN,0,Cognitive Science News: THE ELEVENTH ANNUAL CONFERENCE OF THE COGNITIVE SCIENCE SOCIETY,Original Article
242,Michelene T.H. Chi,"Learning Research and Development Center Pittsburgh, PA",1,Self-Explanations: How Students Study and Use Examples in Learning to Solve Problems,Original Article
242,"Miriam Bassok,","Learning Research and Development Center Pittsburgh, PA",0,Self-Explanations: How Students Study and Use Examples in Learning to Solve Problems,Original Article
242,"Matthew W. Lewis,",The Rand Corporation,0,Self-Explanations: How Students Study and Use Examples in Learning to Solve Problems,Original Article
242,"Peter Reimann,",University of Freiberg,0,Self-Explanations: How Students Study and Use Examples in Learning to Solve Problems,Original Article
242,Robert Glaser,"Learning Research and Development Center Pittsburgh, PA",0,Self-Explanations: How Students Study and Use Examples in Learning to Solve Problems,Original Article
243,Donald A. Smith,Northern Illinois University,1,A Model of Competence for Counting,Original Article
243,"James G. Greeno,",Stanford University,0,A Model of Competence for Counting,Original Article
243,Theresa M. Vitolo,Slippery Rock University,0,A Model of Competence for Counting,Original Article
244,Yvette J. Tenney,"Bolt Beranek and Newman Labs Cambridge, MA",1,Predicting Conversational Reports of a Personal Event,Original Article
245,Richard J. Gerrig,Yale University,1,Empirical Constraints on Computational Theories of Metaphor: Comments on Indurkhya,Original Article
246,Raymond W. Gibbs Jr.,"University of California, Santa Cruz",1,Understanding and Literal Meaning,Original Article
247,Marcelo Dascal,Tel Aviv University,1,On the Roles of Context and Literal Meaning in Understanding,Original Article
248,Herbert H. Clark,Stanford University,1,Contributing to Discourse,Original Article
248,Edward F. Schaefer,Stanford University,0,Contributing to Discourse,Original Article
250,Keith J. Holyoak,"University of California, Los Angeles",1,Analogical Mapping by Constraint Satisfaction,Original Article
250,Paul Thagard,Princeton University,0,Analogical Mapping by Constraint Satisfaction,Original Article
251,Michael Leyton,Rutgers University,1,Inferring Causal History froms Shape,Original Article
252,Robert S. Rist,"University of Technology, Sydney, Australia",1,Schema Creation in Programming,Original Article
253,Kurt VanLehn,Carnegie-Mellon University,1,Non-LIFO Execution of Cognitive Procedures,Original Article
253,"William Ball,",Carnegie-Mellon University,0,Non-LIFO Execution of Cognitive Procedures,Original Article
253,Bernadette Kowalski,Carnegie-Mellon University,0,Non-LIFO Execution of Cognitive Procedures,Original Article
255,John R. Anderson,Carnegie-Mellon University,1,Skill Acquisition and the LISP Tutor,Original Article
255,"Frederick G. Conrad,",Carnegie-Mellon University,0,Skill Acquisition and the LISP Tutor,Original Article
255,Albert T. Corbett,Carnegie-Mellon University,0,Skill Acquisition and the LISP Tutor,Original Article
256,Janet L. Kolodner,Georgia Institute of Technology,1,The MEDIATOR: Analysis of an Early Case-Based Problem Solver†,Original Article
256,Robert L. Simpson,DARPA/ISTO,0,The MEDIATOR: Analysis of an Early Case-Based Problem Solver†,Original Article
257,D. Sleeman,"University of Aberdeen Aberdeen, Scotland",1,Studies of Diagnosis and Remediation with High School Algebra Students,Original Article
257,"A.E. Kelly,","University of Aberdeen Aberdeen, Scotland",0,Studies of Diagnosis and Remediation with High School Algebra Students,Original Article
257,"R. Martinak,","University of Aberdeen Aberdeen, Scotland",0,Studies of Diagnosis and Remediation with High School Algebra Students,Original Article
257,"R.D. Ward,","University of Aberdeen Aberdeen, Scotland",0,Studies of Diagnosis and Remediation with High School Algebra Students,Original Article
257,J.L. Moore,"University of Aberdeen Aberdeen, Scotland",0,Studies of Diagnosis and Remediation with High School Algebra Students,Original Article
258,Peter Norvig,"University of California, Berkeley",1,Marker Passing as a Weak Method for Text Inferencing,Original Article
263,Rochel Gelman,University of Pennsylvania,1,Structural Constraints on Cognitive Development: Introduction to a Special Issue of Cognitive Science,Original Article
264,Elissa L. Newport,University of Rochester,1,Maturational Constraints on Language Learning,Original Article
265,Elizabeth S. Spelke,Cornell University,1,Principles of Object Perception,Original Article
266,Ellen M. Markman,Stanford University,1,Constraints Children Place on Word Meanings,Original Article
267,Rochel Gelman,University of Pennsylvania,1,First Principles Organize Attention to and Learning About Relevant Data: Number and the Animate-Inanimate Distinction as Examples,Original Article
268,Ann L. Brown,University of California at Berkeley,1,Domain-Specific Principles Affect Learning and Transfer in Children,Original Article
269,Frank C. Keil,Cornell University,1,Constraints on Constraints: Surveying the Epigenetic Landscape,Original Article
270,Douglas L. Medin,University of Illinois at Champaign-Urbana,1,Safe Takeoffs—Soft Landings,Original Article
270,"Woo-Kyoung Ahn,",University of Illinois at Champaign-Urbana,0,Safe Takeoffs—Soft Landings,Original Article
270,"Jeffrey Bettger,",University of Illinois at Champaign-Urbana,0,Safe Takeoffs—Soft Landings,Original Article
270,"Judy Florian,",University of Illinois at Champaign-Urbana,0,Safe Takeoffs—Soft Landings,Original Article
270,"Robert Goldstone,",University of Illinois at Champaign-Urbana,0,Safe Takeoffs—Soft Landings,Original Article
270,"Mary Lassaline,",University of Illinois at Champaign-Urbana,0,Safe Takeoffs—Soft Landings,Original Article
270,"Arthur Markman,",University of Illinois at Champaign-Urbana,0,Safe Takeoffs—Soft Landings,Original Article
270,"Joshua Rubinstein,",University of Illinois at Champaign-Urbana,0,Safe Takeoffs—Soft Landings,Original Article
270,Edward Wisniewski,University of Illinois at Champaign-Urbana,0,Safe Takeoffs—Soft Landings,Original Article
271,Jeffrey L. Elman,"University of California, San Diego",1,Finding Structure in Time,Original Article
272,Yoav Shoham,Stanford University,1,Nonmonotonic Reasoning and Causation,Original Article
273,William C. Robertson,The Biological Sciences Curriculum Study,1,Detection of Cognitive Structure with Protocol Data: Predicting Performance on Physics Transfer Problems,Original Article
274,"Yulin Qin,",Carnegie-Mellon University,0,Laboratory Replication of Scientific Discovery Processes,Original Article
274,Herbert A. Simon,Carnegie-Mellon University,1,Laboratory Replication of Scientific Discovery Processes,Original Article
275,Susan Weber McRoy,University of Toronto,1,Race-Based Parsing and Syntactic Disambiguation,Original Article
275,Graeme Hirst,University of Toronto,0,Race-Based Parsing and Syntactic Disambiguation,Original Article
276,Tim, van            GelderCorresponding author,1,Compositionality: A Connectionist Variation on a Classical Theme,Original Article
277,Kristian J. Hammond,The University of Chicago,1,Case-Based Planning: A Framework for Planning from Experience,Original Article
278,Stephen J. Payne,University of Lancaster,1,Algebra Mal-Rules and Cognitive Accounts of Error,Original Article
278,Helen R. Squibb,University of Lancaster,0,Algebra Mal-Rules and Cognitive Accounts of Error,Original Article
281,Raymond J. Mooney,University of Texas,1,Learning Plan Schemata from Observation: Explanation-Based Learning for Plan Recognition,Original Article
282,Kenneth R. Koedinger,Carnegie-Mellon University,1,Abstract Planning and Perceptual Chunks: Elements of Expertise in Geometry,Original Article
282,John R. Anderson,Carnegie-Mellon University,0,Abstract Planning and Perceptual Chunks: Elements of Expertise in Geometry,Original Article
283,Ziva Kunda,Princeton University,1,Combining Social Concepts: The Role of Causal Reasoning,Original Article
283,"Dale T. Miller,",Princeton University,0,Combining Social Concepts: The Role of Causal Reasoning,Original Article
283,Theresa Claire,Princeton University,0,Combining Social Concepts: The Role of Causal Reasoning,Original Article
284,Renée Elio,"The University of Alberta, Canada",1,Modeling Novice-to-Expert Shifts in Problem-Solving Strategy and Knowledge Organization,Original Article
284,Peternela B. Scharf,"The University of Alberta, Canada",0,Modeling Novice-to-Expert Shifts in Problem-Solving Strategy and Knowledge Organization,Original Article
289,Kurt VanLehn,University of Pittsburgh USA,1,Rule acquisition events in the discovery of problem-solving strategies,Original Article
290,Henk J. Haarmann,"Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics and Nijmegen Institute for Cognition Research and Information Technology, University of Nijmegen, The Netherlands",1,A computer model of the temporal course of agrammatic sentence understanding: The effects of variation in severity and sentence complexity,Original Article
290,Herman H.J. Kolk,"Nijmegen Institute for Cognition Research and Information Technology, University of Nijmegen, The Netherlands",0,A computer model of the temporal course of agrammatic sentence understanding: The effects of variation in severity and sentence complexity,Original Article
291,"Catherine A. Clement,","University of Illinois, Champaign, IL USA",0,Systematicity as a selection constraint in analogical mapping,Original Article
291,Dedre Gentner,"University of Illinois, Champaign, IL USA",0,Systematicity as a selection constraint in analogical mapping,Original Article
292,"Afzal Ballim,","University of Geneva, Switzerland",0,"Belief ascription, metaphor, and intensional identification",Original Article
292,Yorick Wilks,New Mexico State University USA,1,"Belief ascription, metaphor, and intensional identification",Original Article
292,John Barnden,New Mexico State University USA,0,"Belief ascription, metaphor, and intensional identification",Original Article
294,John J. Kim,NaN,0,Why No Mere Mortal Has Ever Flown Out to Center Field,Original Article
294,"Steven Pinker,Massachusetts Institute of Technology",NaN,0,Why No Mere Mortal Has Ever Flown Out to Center Field,Original Article
294,"Alan Prince,Brandeis University",NaN,0,Why No Mere Mortal Has Ever Flown Out to Center Field,Original Article
294,Sandeep PrasadaMassachusetts Institute of Technology,NaN,0,Why No Mere Mortal Has Ever Flown Out to Center Field,Original Article
295,Robert A. Jacobs,NaN,0,Task Decomposition Through Competition in a Modular Connectionist Architecture: The What and Where Vision Tasks,Original Article
295,"Michael I. Jordan,Massachusetts Institute of Technology",NaN,0,Task Decomposition Through Competition in a Modular Connectionist Architecture: The What and Where Vision Tasks,Original Article
295,"Andrew G. BartoUniversity of Massachusetts, Amherst",NaN,0,Task Decomposition Through Competition in a Modular Connectionist Architecture: The What and Where Vision Tasks,Original Article
296,"Daniel N. Osherson,I.D.I.A.P.",NaN,0,Default Probability,Original Article
296,"Joshua Stern,Massachusetts Institute of Technology",NaN,0,Default Probability,Original Article
296,"Ormond Wilkie,Massachusetts Institute of Technology",NaN,0,Default Probability,Original Article
296,"Michael Stob,Calvin College",NaN,0,Default Probability,Original Article
296,Edward E. Smith,NaN,0,Default Probability,Original Article
297,Janet Dixon Keller,NaN,0,Complex Concepts,Original Article
297,F.K. LehmanUniversity of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign,NaN,0,Complex Concepts,Original Article
298,Herbert A. Simon,NaN,0,Nonmonotonic Reasoning and Causation: Comment,Comment
300,Suzanne M. Mannes,University of Colorado,1,Routine Computing Tasks: Planning as Understanding,Original Article
300,Walter Kintsch,University of Colorado,0,Routine Computing Tasks: Planning as Understanding,Original Article
301,Risto Miikkulainen,"University of California, Los Angeles",1,Natural Language Processing With Modular Pdp Networks and Distributed Lexicon,Original Article
301,Michael G. Dyer,"University of California, Los Angeles",0,Natural Language Processing With Modular Pdp Networks and Distributed Lexicon,Original Article
302,Michael Pazzani,"University of California, Irvine",1,A Computational Theory of Learning Causal Relationships,Original Article
303,Helga Noice,Augustana College,1,The Role of Explanations and Plan Recognition in the Learning of Theatrical Scripts,Original Article
304,Philippe G. Schyns,Brown University,1,A Modular Neural Network Model of Concept Acquisition,Original Article
305,David B. Leake,Indiana University,1,Goal-Based Explanation Evaluation,Original Article
306,Simon P. Davies,"Huddersfield Polytechnic, United Kingdom",1,The Role of Notation and Knowledge Representation in the Determination of Programming Strategy: A Framework for Integrating Models of Programming Behavior,Original Article
310,Edward E. Smith,University of Michigan,1,The Case for Rules in Reasoning,Original Article
310,"Christopher Langston,",University of Michigan,0,The Case for Rules in Reasoning,Original Article
310,Richard E. Nisbett,University of Michigan,0,The Case for Rules in Reasoning,Original Article
311,Zoltan Dienes,University of Oxford,1,Connectionist and Memory-Array Models of Artificial Grammar Learning,Original Article
312,Woo-Kyoung Ahn,University of Michigan,1,A Two-Stage Model of Category Construction,Original Article
312,Douglas L. Medin,University of Michigan,0,A Two-Stage Model of Category Construction,Original Article
313,Paul Thagard,Princeton University,1,Adversarial Problem Solving: Modeling an Opponent Using Explanatory Coherence,Original Article
317,Henny P.A. Boshuizen,"University of Limburg, The Netherlands",1,"On the Role of Biomedical Knowledge in Clinical Reasoning by Experts, Intermediates and Novices",Original Article
317,Henk G. Schmidt,"University of Limburg, The Netherlands",0,"On the Role of Biomedical Knowledge in Clinical Reasoning by Experts, Intermediates and Novices",Original Article
318,"Madeleine Lemieux,","Université Laval, Québec",0,Propositional Versus Structural Semantic Analyses of Medical Diagnostic Thinking,Original Article
318,Georges Bordage,"Université Laval, Québec",1,Propositional Versus Structural Semantic Analyses of Medical Diagnostic Thinking,Original Article
319,Richard Alterman,Brandeis University,1,Reasoning About a Semantic Memory Encoding of the Connectivity of Events,Original Article
319,Lawrence A. Bookman,Brandeis University,0,Reasoning About a Semantic Memory Encoding of the Connectivity of Events,Original Article
320,James H. Martin,University of Colorado,1,Computer Understanding of Conventional Metaphoric Language,Original Article
321,St. Mark F. John,"University of California, San Diego",1,The Story Gestalt: A Model Of Knowledge-Intensive Processes in Text Comprehension,Original Article
323,Michael I. Jordan,Massachusetts Institute of Technology,1,Forward Models: Supervised Learning with a Distal Teacher,Original Article
323,David E. Rumelhart,Stanford University,0,Forward Models: Supervised Learning with a Distal Teacher,Original Article
324,Janice Glasgow,Queen's University,1,Computational Imagery,Original Article
324,Dimitri Papadias,Queen's University,0,Computational Imagery,Original Article
325,Vinod Goel,"University of California, Berkeley",1,The structure of Design Problem Spaces,Original Article
325,Peter Pirolli,"University of California, Berkeley",0,The structure of Design Problem Spaces,Original Article
327,H. Cem Bozsahin,Arizona State University,1,Memory-Based Hypothesis Formation: Heuristic Learning of Commonsense Causal Relations from Text,Original Article
327,Nicholas V. Findler,Arizona State University,0,Memory-Based Hypothesis Formation: Heuristic Learning of Commonsense Causal Relations from Text,Original Article
328,Rachel M. Pilkington,"University of Leeds, United Kingdom",1,Question-Answering for Intelligent On-Line Help: The Process of Intelligent Responding,Original Article
329,David Chapman,Teleos Research,1,"Intermediate Vision: Architecture, Implementation, and Use",Original Article
330,Anna Wierzbicka,Australian National University,1,Defining Emotion Concepts,Original Article
335,Donald A. Norman,"University of California, San Diego",1,Cognition in the Head and in the World: An Introduction to the Special Issue on Situated Action,Original Article
336,Alonso H. Vera,Carnegie Mellon University,1,Situated Action: A Symbolic Interpretation,Original Article
336,Herbert A. Simon,Carnegie Mellon University,0,Situated Action: A Symbolic Interpretation,Original Article
337,James G. Greeno,"Stanford University and, the Institute for Research on Learning",1,Situativity and Symbols: Response to Vera and Simon,Original Article
337,Joyce L. Moore,"Stanford University and, the Institute for Research on Learning",0,Situativity and Symbols: Response to Vera and Simon,Original Article
338,Philip E. Agre,"University of California, San Diego",1,The Symbolic Worldview: Reply to Vera and Simon,Original Article
339,Lucy Suchman,Xerox Palo Alto Research Center,1,Response to Vera and Simon's Situated Action: A Symbolic Interpretation,Original Article
340,"Alonso H. Vera,",Carnegie Mellon University,0,Situated Action: Reply to Reviewers,Original Article
340,Herbert A. Simon,Carnegie Mellon University,1,Situated Action: Reply to Reviewers,Original Article
341,William J. Clancey,Institute for Research on Learning,1,Situated Action: A Neuropsychological Interpretation Response to Vera and Simon,Original Article
342,"Alonso H. Vera,",Carnegie Mellon University,0,Situated Action: Reply to William Clancey,Original Article
342,Herbert A. Simon,Carnegie Mellon University,1,Situated Action: Reply to William Clancey,Original Article
343,Vimla L. Patel,"Cognitive Studies in Medicine, McGill University",1,Comparing Apples and Oranges: Some Dangers in Confusing Frameworks with Theories,Original Article
343,Guy J. Groen,"Cognitive Studies in Medicine, McGill University",0,Comparing Apples and Oranges: Some Dangers in Confusing Frameworks with Theories,Original Article
343," We are sorry to report that Guy Groen died unexpectedly on August 24, 1992. This article was the last joint work by the coauthors, composed in Belgium during the 25th International Congress of Psychology, one month before his death.—the Editors ",NaN,0,Comparing Apples and Oranges: Some Dangers in Confusing Frameworks with Theories,Original Article
344,"Madeleine Lemieux,",University of Illinois at Chicago,0,Comparing the Core and the Peel of the Same Fruit,Original Article
344,Georges Bordage,University of Illinois at Chicago,1,Comparing the Core and the Peel of the Same Fruit,Original Article
346,Gary S. Dell,University of Illinois,1,Structure and Content in Language Production: A Theory of Frame Constraints in Phonological Speech Errors,Original Article
346,"Cornell Juliano,",University of Rochester,0,Structure and Content in Language Production: A Theory of Frame Constraints in Phonological Speech Errors,Original Article
346,Anita Govindjee,University of Illinois,0,Structure and Content in Language Production: A Theory of Frame Constraints in Phonological Speech Errors,Original Article
347,Gabriella Airenti,Università di Torino,1,Conversation and Behavior Games in the Pragmatics of Dialogue,Original Article
347,Bruno G. Bara,Università di Torino,1,Conversation and Behavior Games in the Pragmatics of Dialogue,Original Article
347,Marco Colombetti,Politecnico di Milano,1,Conversation and Behavior Games in the Pragmatics of Dialogue,Original Article
348,Leila M.R. Eizirik,"Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil",1,A Bayesian-Network Approach to Lexical Disambiguation,Original Article
348,"Valmir C. Barbosa,","Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil",0,A Bayesian-Network Approach to Lexical Disambiguation,Original Article
348,Sueli B.T. Mendes,"Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil",0,A Bayesian-Network Approach to Lexical Disambiguation,Original Article
349,Jan Maarten Schraagen,TNO Institute for Human Factors IZF,1,How Experts Solve a Novel Problem in Experimental Design,Original Article
351,Peter C. Gordon,Harvard University,1,"Pronouns, Names, and the Centering of Attention in Discourse",Original Article
351, Peter C. Gordon and Laura A. Gilliom are now at the Department of Psychology,Harvard University,1,"Pronouns, Names, and the Centering of Attention in Discourse",Original Article
351," Peter C. Gordon and Laura A. Gilliom are now at the Department of Psychology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27514-3270. Laura A. Gilliom",Harvard University,0,"Pronouns, Names, and the Centering of Attention in Discourse",Original Article
352,"Marius Usher,",California Institute of Technology,0,A Neural Network Model for Attribute-Based Decision Processes,Original Article
352,Dan Zakay,Tel Aviv University,1,A Neural Network Model for Attribute-Based Decision Processes,Original Article
353,Kevin Dunbar,McGill University,1,Concept Discovery in a Scientific Domain,Original Article
353," Kevin Dunbar from the National Sciences and Engineering Council Canada (OGP0037356) and the Spencer Foundation, and also from NICHHD grant R02-HD25211 to David Klahr. ",NaN,0,Concept Discovery in a Scientific Domain,Original Article
354,David C. Rubin,Duke University,1,The Beginnings of Expertise for Ballads,Original Article
354,"Wanda T. Wallace,",Duke University,0,The Beginnings of Expertise for Ballads,Original Article
354,Barbara C. Houston,Duke University,0,The Beginnings of Expertise for Ballads,Original Article
355,nan,NaN,0,Cognitive Science News,Original Article
356,Javier R. Movellan,"University of California, San Diego",1,Learning Continuous Probability Distributions with Symmetric Diffusion Networks,Original Article
356,James L. McClelland,Carnegie Mellon University,0,Learning Continuous Probability Distributions with Symmetric Diffusion Networks,Original Article
357,Jean-François Richard,University of Paris 8. France,1,Problem-Solving Restructuration: Elimination of Implicit Constraints,Original Article
357,"Sébastien Poitrenaud,",University of Paris 8. France,0,Problem-Solving Restructuration: Elimination of Implicit Constraints,Original Article
357,Charles Tijus,University of Paris 8. France,0,Problem-Solving Restructuration: Elimination of Implicit Constraints,Original Article
358,Kevin Crowley,Carnegie Mellon University,1,Flexible Strategy Use in Young Children's Tic-Tac-Toe,Original Article
358,Robert S. Siegler,Carnegie Mellon University,1,Flexible Strategy Use in Young Children's Tic-Tac-Toe,Original Article
359,John L. Pollock,University of Arizona,1,The Phylogeny of Rationality,Original Article
360,Garrett D. Kearney,University of Greenwich,1,Machine Interpretation of Emotion: Design of a Memory-Based Expert System for Interpreting Facial Expressions in Terms of Signaled Emotions,Original Article
360, Garrett Kearney acknowledges financial support from the Science and Engineering Research Council. Sati McKenzie,University of Greenwich,0,Machine Interpretation of Emotion: Design of a Memory-Based Expert System for Interpreting Facial Expressions in Terms of Signaled Emotions,Original Article
361,nan,NaN,0,Author Index to Volume 17,Original Article
362,nan,NaN,0,Contents to Volume 17,Original Article
363,nan,NaN,0,Acknowledgement: Guest Reviewers,Original Article
364,Prahlad Gupta,Carnegie Mellon University,1,Connectionist Models and Linguistic Theory: Investigations of Stress Systems in Language,Original Article
364,David S. Touretzky,Carnegie Mellon University,0,Connectionist Models and Linguistic Theory: Investigations of Stress Systems in Language,Original Article
365,Scott P. Robertson,IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center,1,"TSUNAMI: Simultaneous Understanding, Answering, and Memory Interaction for Questions",Original Article
366,Jiaje Zhang,The Ohio State University,1,Representations in Distributed Cognitive Tasks,Original Article
366,Donald A. Norman,"Apple Computer, Inc.",0,Representations in Distributed Cognitive Tasks,Original Article
367,Stella Vosniadou,"University of Athens, Greece, and University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign",1,Mental Models of the Day/Night Cycle,Original Article
367,William F. Brewer,University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign,1,Mental Models of the Day/Night Cycle,Original Article
369,Renée Elio,University of Alberta,1,Simulation Models of the Influence of Learning Mode and Training Variance on Category Learning,Original Article
369," This research was supported by NSERC operating grant #889 to Renée Elio and conducted in AI laboratory facilities funded by the University of Alberta and the Department of Computing Science. We are grateful for Keith Holyoak's extensive editorial assistance, and for the helpful comments and suggestions given by Brain Ross and four anonymous reviewers on an earlier version of this article. Kui Lin is now at Bell Northern Research, Ottawa, Canada. Kui Lin",University of Alberta,0,Simulation Models of the Influence of Learning Mode and Training Variance on Category Learning,Original Article
369," This research was supported by NSERC operating grant #889 to Renée Elio and conducted in AI laboratory facilities funded by the University of Alberta and the Department of Computing Science. We are grateful for Keith Holyoak's extensive editorial assistance, and for the helpful comments and suggestions given by Brain Ross and four anonymous reviewers on an earlier version of this article. Kui Lin is now at Bell Northern Research, Ottawa, Canada. ",NaN,0,Simulation Models of the Influence of Learning Mode and Training Variance on Category Learning,Original Article
370,Edward J. Wisniewski,Northwestern University,1,On the Interaction of Theory and Data in Concept Learning,Original Article
370, The research was supported in part by the National Institute of Child Health and Development under fellowship award 5 F32 HD07279-02 given to Edward J. Wisniewski and by the National Science Foundation under grant 9110245 given to Douglas L. Medin. Douglas L. Medin,Northwestern University,0,On the Interaction of Theory and Data in Concept Learning,Original Article
370, The research was supported in part by the National Institute of Child Health and Development under fellowship award 5 F32 HD07279-02 given to Edward J. Wisniewski and by the National Science Foundation under grant 9110245 given to Douglas L. Medin. ,NaN,0,On the Interaction of Theory and Data in Concept Learning,Original Article
371,Paul O'Rorke,"University of California, Irvine",1,Explaining Emotions,Original Article
371, Paul O'Rorke's work on this project was supported in part by grant number IRI-8813048 from the National Science Foundation. Andrew Ortony,Northwestern University,0,Explaining Emotions,Original Article
371, Paul O'Rorke's work on this project was supported in part by grant number IRI-8813048 from the National Science Foundation. ,NaN,0,Explaining Emotions,Original Article
372,Martha J. Farah,University of Pennsylvania,1,Orientation Invariance and Geometric Primitives in Shape Recognition,Original Article
372,"Robin Rochlin,",Carnegie Mellon University,0,Orientation Invariance and Geometric Primitives in Shape Recognition,Original Article
372,Karen L. Klein,Carnegie Mellon University,0,Orientation Invariance and Geometric Primitives in Shape Recognition,Original Article
373,David S. Touretzky,Carnegie Mellon University,1,Reconstructing Physical Symbol Systems,Comment
373,Dean A. Pomerleau,Carnegie Mellon University,0,Reconstructing Physical Symbol Systems,Comment
375,Robert A. Jacobs,University of Rochester,1,Encoding Shape and Spatial Relations: The Role of Receptive Field Size in Coordinating Complementary Representations,Original Article
375,Stephen M. Kosslyn,Harvard University,1,Encoding Shape and Spatial Relations: The Role of Receptive Field Size in Coordinating Complementary Representations,Original Article
376,Mark T. Keane,"University of Dublin, Trinity College",1,Constraints on Analogical Mapping: A Comparison of Three Models,Original Article
376,"Tim Ledgeway,",University of Wales College of Cardiff,0,Constraints on Analogical Mapping: A Comparison of Three Models,Original Article
376,Stuart Duff,University of Wales College of Cardiff,0,Constraints on Analogical Mapping: A Comparison of Three Models,Original Article
377,Michelene T.H. Chi,University of Pittsburgh,1,Eliciting Self-Explanations Improves Understanding,Original Article
377,"Nicholas De Leeuw,",University of Pittsburgh,0,Eliciting Self-Explanations Improves Understanding,Original Article
377,"Mei-Hung Chiu,",University of Pittsburgh,0,Eliciting Self-Explanations Improves Understanding,Original Article
377," Mei-Hung Chiu is now an associate professor at the Graduate Institute of Science Education, National Taiwan Normal University, 88, Sec. 5 Roosevelt Road, Taipei, Taiwan 117. Christian Lavancher",University of Pittsburgh,0,Eliciting Self-Explanations Improves Understanding,Original Article
378,Susan L. Epstein,Hunter College and The Graduate School of The City University of New York,1,For the Right Reasons: The FORR Architecture for Learning in a Skill Domain,Original Article
380,David Kirsh,"University of California, San Diego",1,On Distinguishing Epistemic from Pragmatic Action,Original Article
380,Paul Maglio,"University of California, San Diego",0,On Distinguishing Epistemic from Pragmatic Action,Original Article
381,Thomas R. Ioerger,University of Illinois,1,The Manipulation of Images to Handle Indeterminacy in Spatial Reasoning,Original Article
382,Charles X. Ling,The University of Western Ontario,1,A Symbolic Model of the Nonconscious Acquisition of Information,Original Article
382,Marin Marinov,Sofia University,0,A Symbolic Model of the Nonconscious Acquisition of Information,Original Article
386,Eric Chown,Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science The University of Michigan,1,"Prototypes, Location, and Associative Networks (PLAN): Towards a Unified Theory of Cognitive Mapping",Original Article
386,"Stephen Kaplan,",Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science The University of Michigan,0,"Prototypes, Location, and Associative Networks (PLAN): Towards a Unified Theory of Cognitive Mapping",Original Article
386,David Kortenkamp,Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science The University of Michigan,0,"Prototypes, Location, and Associative Networks (PLAN): Towards a Unified Theory of Cognitive Mapping",Original Article
387,Edward W. Large,The Ohio State University,1,Reduced Memory Representations for Music,Original Article
387,Caroline Palm?r,The Ohio State University,1,Reduced Memory Representations for Music,Original Article
387,Jordan B. Pollack,The Ohio State University,0,Reduced Memory Representations for Music,Original Article
388,Keith Stenning,University of Edinburgh,1,A Cognitive Theory of Graphical and Linguistic Reasoning: Logic and Implementation,Original Article
388,Jon Oberlander,University of Edinburgh,0,A Cognitive Theory of Graphical and Linguistic Reasoning: Logic and Implementation,Original Article
390,Kenneth D. Forbus,Northwestern University,1,MAC/FAC: A Model of Similarity-Based Retrieval,Original Article
390,"Dedre Gentner,",Northwestern University,0,MAC/FAC: A Model of Similarity-Based Retrieval,Original Article
390,Keith Law,Northwestern University,0,MAC/FAC: A Model of Similarity-Based Retrieval,Original Article
391,François Récanati,"CREA, CNRS/Ecole Polytechnique, Paris",1,The Alleged Priority of Literal Interpretation,Original Article
392,Robert Dale,"Microsoft Institute for Advanced Software Technology, Australia",1,Computational Interpretations of the Gricean Maxims in the Generation of Referring Expressions,Original Article
392,Ehud Reiter,"CoGenTex Inc., Ithaca, NY",0,Computational Interpretations of the Gricean Maxims in the Generation of Referring Expressions,Original Article
394,Edwin Hutchins,"University of California, San Diego",1,How a Cockpit Remembers Its Speeds,Original Article
395,Ashwin Ram,Georgia Institute of Technology,1,Learning to Troubleshoot: Multistrategy Learning of Diagnostic Knowledge for a Real-World Problem-Solving Task,Original Article
395,"S. Narayanan,",Wright State University,0,Learning to Troubleshoot: Multistrategy Learning of Diagnostic Knowledge for a Real-World Problem-Solving Task,Original Article
395,Michael T. Cox,Georgia Institute of Technology,0,Learning to Troubleshoot: Multistrategy Learning of Diagnostic Knowledge for a Real-World Problem-Solving Task,Original Article
396,Talia Ben-Zeev,Yale University,1,The Nature and Origin of Rational Errors in Arithmetic Thinking: Induction from Examples and Prior Knowledge,Original Article
397,Daniel Osherson,Istituto San Raffaele,1,A Source of Bayesian Priors,Original Article
397,"Edward E. Smith,",University of Michigan,0,A Source of Bayesian Priors,Original Article
397,"Eldar Shafir,",Princeton University,0,A Source of Bayesian Priors,Original Article
397,"Antoine Gualtierotti,",University of Lausanne,0,A Source of Bayesian Priors,Original Article
397,Kevin Biolsi,Istituto San Raffaele,0,A Source of Bayesian Priors,Original Article
399,M. Gareth Gaskell,"Birkbeck College, University of London",1,A Connectionist Model of Phonological Representation in Speech Perception,Original Article
399,"Mary Hare,","University of California, San Diego",0,A Connectionist Model of Phonological Representation in Speech Perception,Original Article
399,William D. Marslen-Wilson,"Birkbeck College, University of London",0,A Connectionist Model of Phonological Representation in Speech Perception,Original Article
400,Bradley Franks,London School of Economics,1,Sense Generation: A “Quasi-Classical” Approach to Concepts and Concept Combination,Original Article
401,Robert S. Rist,"University of Technology, Sydney",1,Program Structure and Design,Original Article
402,Norman D. Cook,"Kansai University, Osaka, Japan",1,Correlations Between Input and Output Units in Neural Networks,Original Article
403,Stephen M. Kosslyn,Harvard University,1,Neural Network Models as Evidence for Different Types of Visual Representations,Original Article
403,"Christopher F. Chabris,",Harvard University,0,Neural Network Models as Evidence for Different Types of Visual Representations,Original Article
403,David P. Baker,Harvard University,0,Neural Network Models as Evidence for Different Types of Visual Representations,Original Article
406,"Catherine Pelachaud,",University of Pennsylvania,0,Generating Facial Expressions for Speech,Original Article
406,"Norman I. Badler,",University of Pennsylvania,0,Generating Facial Expressions for Speech,Original Article
406,Mark Steedman,University of Pennsylvania,1,Generating Facial Expressions for Speech,Original Article
407,Risto Miikkulainen,The University of Texas at Austin,1,Subsymbolic Case-Role Analysis of Sentences with Embedded Clauses,Original Article
408,Regina Vollmeyer,"University of Potsdam, Germany",1,The Impact of Goal Specificity on Strategy Use and the Acquisition of Problem Structure,Original Article
408,"Bruce D. Burns,","University of California, Los Angeles",0,The Impact of Goal Specificity on Strategy Use and the Acquisition of Problem Structure,Original Article
408,Keith J. Holyoak,"University of California, Los Angeles",0,The Impact of Goal Specificity on Strategy Use and the Acquisition of Problem Structure,Original Article
409,Maartje E.J. Raijmakers,University of Amsterdam,1,On the Validity of Simulating Stagewise Development by Means of PDP Networks: Application of Catastrophe Analysis and an Experimental Test of Rule-Like Network Performance,Original Article
409,Sylvester," von            Koten,",0,On the Validity of Simulating Stagewise Development by Means of PDP Networks: Application of Catastrophe Analysis and an Experimental Test of Rule-Like Network Performance,Original Article
409,Peter C.M. Molenaar,University of Amsterdam,0,On the Validity of Simulating Stagewise Development by Means of PDP Networks: Application of Catastrophe Analysis and an Experimental Test of Rule-Like Network Performance,Original Article
410,Daniel Jurafsky,"International Computer Science Institute, Berkeley",1,A Probabilistic Model of Lexical and Syntactic Access and Disambiguation,Original Article
411,Gerhard Weber,University of Trier,1,Episodic Learner Modeling,Original Article
412,Giuseppe Mantovani,University of Padova,1,"Social Context in HCl: A New Framework for Mental Models, Cooperation, and Communication",Original Article
413,"Samuel J. Leven,",For a New Social Science,0,Multiattribute Decision Making in Context: A Dynamic Neural Network Methodology,Original Article
413,Daniel S. Levine,University of Texas at Arlington,1,Multiattribute Decision Making in Context: A Dynamic Neural Network Methodology,Original Article
414,Andrew Howes,"MRC Applied Psychology Unit Cambridge, England",1,"Learning Consistent, Interactive, and Meaningful Task-Action Mappings: A Computational Model",Original Article
414,Richard M. Young,"MRC Applied Psychology Unit Cambridge, England",0,"Learning Consistent, Interactive, and Meaningful Task-Action Mappings: A Computational Model",Original Article
415,Mark D. LeBlanc,"Wheaton College, Norton, MA",1,Text Integration and Mathematical Connections: A Computer Model of Arithmetic Word Problem Solving,Original Article
415,Sylvia Weber-Russell,University of New Hampshire,0,Text Integration and Mathematical Connections: A Computer Model of Arithmetic Word Problem Solving,Original Article
416,DeLiang Wang,The Ohio State University,1,Primitive Auditory Segregation Based on Oscillatory Correlation,Original Article
417,Daniel L. Schwartz,Vanderbilt University,1,Shuttling Between Depictive Models and Abstract Rules: Induction and Fallback,Original Article
417,John B. Black,Columbia University,0,Shuttling Between Depictive Models and Abstract Rules: Induction and Fallback,Original Article
418,Craig S. Miller,Carnegie Mellon University,1,Accounting for Graded Performance within a Discrete Search Framework,Original Article
418,John E. Laird,The University of Michigan,0,Accounting for Graded Performance within a Discrete Search Framework,Original Article
419,Peter A. Bibby,University of Nottingham,1,Instruction and Practice in Learning to use a Device,Original Article
419,Stephen J. Payne,"University of Wales, Cardiff",0,Instruction and Practice in Learning to use a Device,Original Article
420,Robert P. Worden,Logica UK Ltd,1,Primate Social Intelligence,Original Article
424,Alexander Renkl,University of Munich,1,Learning from Worked-Out Examples: A Study on Individual Differences,Original Article
425,Michael D. Byrne,Georgia Institute of Technology,1,A Working Memory Model of a Common Procedural Error,Original Article
425,Susan Bovair,Georgia Institute of Technology,0,A Working Memory Model of a Common Procedural Error,Original Article
426,William J. Rapaport,State University of New York at Buffalo,1,Quasi-Indexicals and Knowledge Reports,Original Article
426,"Stuart C. Shapiro,",State University of New York at Buffalo,0,Quasi-Indexicals and Knowledge Reports,Original Article
426,Janyce M. Wiebe,New Mexico State University,0,Quasi-Indexicals and Knowledge Reports,Original Article
427,"Takeshi Okada,","Nagoya University, Japan",0,Collaborative Discovery in a Scientific Domain,Original Article
427,Herbert A. Simon,Carnegie Mellon University,1,Collaborative Discovery in a Scientific Domain,Original Article
428,Ala Samarapungavan,Purdue University,1,Children's Thoughts on the Origin of Species: A Study of Explanatory Coherence,Original Article
428,Reinout W. Wiers,University of Amsterdam,0,Children's Thoughts on the Origin of Species: A Study of Explanatory Coherence,Original Article
429,Jiajie Zhang,The Ohio State University,1,The Nature of External Representations in Problem Solving,Original Article
430,Nalini Bhushan,Smith College,1,The Texture Lexicon: Understanding the Categorization of Visual Texture Terms and Their Relationship to Texture Images,Original Article
430,"A. Ravishankar Rao,",IBM Watson Research Center,0,The Texture Lexicon: Understanding the Categorization of Visual Texture Terms and Their Relationship to Texture Images,Original Article
430,Gerald L. Lohse,"The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania",0,The Texture Lexicon: Understanding the Categorization of Visual Texture Terms and Their Relationship to Texture Images,Original Article
431,Timothy C. Clausner,Hughes Research Laboratories,1,Productivity and Schematicity in Metaphors,Original Article
431,William Croft,University of Manchester,0,Productivity and Schematicity in Metaphors,Original Article
432,Virginia A. Marchman,The University of Texas at Dallas,1,"Children's Productivity in the English Past Tense: The Role of Frequency, Phonology, and Neighborhood Structure",Original Article
433,"Hermina J.M. Tabachneck-Schijf,",Carnegie Mellon University,0,CaMeRa: A Computational Model of Multiple Representations,Original Article
433,"Anthony M. Leonardo,",Carnegie Mellon University,0,CaMeRa: A Computational Model of Multiple Representations,Original Article
433,Herbert A. Simon,Carnegie Mellon University,1,CaMeRa: A Computational Model of Multiple Representations,Original Article
434,Roland Baddeley,University of Oxford,1,The Correlational Structure of Natural Images and the Calibration of Spatial Representations,Original Article
435,Arthur B. Markman,Columbia University,1,Constraints on Analogical Inference,Original Article
436,Renée Elio,University of Alberta,1,Belief Change as Propositional Update,Original Article
436,Francis Jeffry Pelletier,University of Alberta,0,Belief Change as Propositional Update,Original Article
437,Andy Clark,Washington University,1,The Dynamical Challenge,Original Article
440,Paul Thagard,University of Waterloo,1,Coherence as Constraint Satisfaction,Original Article
440,Karsten Verbeurgt,University of Waterloo,0,Coherence as Constraint Satisfaction,Original Article
441,Victoria A. Bell,Princeton University,1,A Model Theory of Modal Reasoning,Original Article
441,P. N. Johnson-Laird,Princeton University,0,A Model Theory of Modal Reasoning,Original Article
442,Richard Alterman,Brandeis University,1,Pragmatic Action,Original Article
442,"Roland Zito-Wolf,",Brandeis University,0,Pragmatic Action,Original Article
442," GTE Laboratories Incorporated; Integrated Intelligent Systems Department; Waltham, MA 02254. Tamitha Carpenter",Brandeis University,0,Pragmatic Action,Original Article
443,Christian D. Schunn,Carnegie Mellon University,1,The Growth of Multidisciplinarity in the Cognitive Science Society,Original Article
443,Kevin Crowley,University Of Pittsburgh,1,The Growth of Multidisciplinarity in the Cognitive Science Society,Original Article
443,Takeshi Okada,Nagoya University,1,The Growth of Multidisciplinarity in the Cognitive Science Society,Original Article
444,James G. Greeno,NaN,0,Efforts to Encourage Multidisciplinarity in the Cognitive Science Society,Commentary
444,"William J. Clancey,Clayton Lewis,Mark Seidenberg,Sharon Derry,Morton Ann Gernsbacher,Patrick Langley,Michael Shafto,Dedre Gentner,Alan Lesgold,Colleen M. Seifert",NaN,0,Efforts to Encourage Multidisciplinarity in the Cognitive Science Society,Commentary
444," At the time of writing this paper, the authors were, respectively, the Executive Editor and Senior Editors of Cognitive Science, the Chair and Program Chair of the 1998 annual meeting of the Cognitive Science Society, and the members of a committee on the 1998 annual meeting of the Cognitive Science Society Governing Board. ",NaN,0,Efforts to Encourage Multidisciplinarity in the Cognitive Science Society,Commentary
445,Gilles Fauconnier," Department of Cognitive Science, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093; E-mail: gfauconnier@ucsd.edu",1,Conceptual Integration Networks,Original Article
445,Mark Turner," Department of Cognitive Science, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093; E-mail: gfauconnier@ucsd.edu",1,Conceptual Integration Networks,Original Article
446,Steven A. Sloman,NaN,0,Feature Centrality and Conceptual Coherence,Original Article
446,"Bradley C. Love,Northwestern University",NaN,0,Feature Centrality and Conceptual Coherence,Original Article
446,Woo-Kyoung AhnYale University,NaN,0,Feature Centrality and Conceptual Coherence,Original Article
447,Nili Mandelblit," Department of Cognitive Science, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093-0515. E-mail: mandelbl@cogsci.ucsd.edu",1,The Notion of Dynamic Unit: Conceptual Developments in Cognitive Science,Original Article
447,Oron Zachar," Department of Cognitive Science, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093-0515. E-mail: mandelbl@cogsci.ucsd.edu",1,The Notion of Dynamic Unit: Conceptual Developments in Cognitive Science,Original Article
448,A. J. Wells,The London School of Economics and Political Science,1,Turing's Analysis of Computation and Theories of Cognitive Architecture,Original Article
449,William Bechtel,Washington University,1,Representations and Cognitive Explanations: Assessing the Dynamicist's Challenge in Cognitive Science,Original Article
450,Sam Wineburg,University of Washington,1,Reading Abraham Lincoln: An Expert/Expert Study in the Interpretation of Historical Texts,Original Article
451,Kurt VanLehn,University of Pittsburgh,1,Analogy Events: How Examples are Used During Problem Solving,Original Article
452,Peter C. Gordon,University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,1,The Representation and Processing of Coreference in Discourse,Original Article
452,Randall Hendrick,University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,1,The Representation and Processing of Coreference in Discourse,Original Article
453,Martin Redington,University College London,1,Distributional Information: A Powerful Cue for Acquiring Syntactic Categories,Original Article
453,Nick Chater,University of Warwick,1,Distributional Information: A Powerful Cue for Acquiring Syntactic Categories,Original Article
453,Steven Finch,Thomson Technology,0,Distributional Information: A Powerful Cue for Acquiring Syntactic Categories,Original Article
454,Daniel L. Schwartz,Vanderbilt University,1,On the Role of Mathematics in Explaining the Material World: Mental Models for Proportional Reasoning,Original Article
454,Joyce L. Moore,University of Iowa,0,On the Role of Mathematics in Explaining the Material World: Mental Models for Proportional Reasoning,Original Article
455,Eric Raufaste,Université de Toulouse Le Mirail,1,Pertinence Generation in Radiological Diagnosis: Spreading Activation and the Nature of Expertise,Original Article
455,"Hélène Eyrolle,",Université de Toulouse Le Mirail,0,Pertinence Generation in Radiological Diagnosis: Spreading Activation and the Nature of Expertise,Original Article
455,Claudette Mariné,Université de Toulouse Le Mirail,0,Pertinence Generation in Radiological Diagnosis: Spreading Activation and the Nature of Expertise,Original Article
459,A.Mike Burton,University of Glasgow,1,From Pixels to People: A Model of Familiar Face Recognition,Original Article
459,"Vicki Bruce,","University of Stirling, Scotland",0,From Pixels to People: A Model of Familiar Face Recognition,Original Article
459,P.J.B. Hancock,"University of Stirling, Scotland",0,From Pixels to People: A Model of Familiar Face Recognition,Original Article
460,"David P. Baker,",Harvard University,0,Encoding Categorical and Coordinate Spatial Relations Without Input-Output Correlations: New Simulation Models,Original Article
460,"Christopher F. Chabris,",Harvard University,0,Encoding Categorical and Coordinate Spatial Relations Without Input-Output Correlations: New Simulation Models,Original Article
460,Stephen M. Kosslyn,Harvard University,1,Encoding Categorical and Coordinate Spatial Relations Without Input-Output Correlations: New Simulation Models,Original Article
461,Zoltán Dienes,"University of Sussex, UK",1,Mapping across Domains Without Feedback: A Neural Network Model of Transfer of Implicit Knowledge,Original Article
461,"Gerry T.M. Altmann,","University of York, UK",0,Mapping across Domains Without Feedback: A Neural Network Model of Transfer of Implicit Knowledge,Original Article
461,Shi-Ji Gao,"Research Institute of Economic System and Management, China",0,Mapping across Domains Without Feedback: A Neural Network Model of Transfer of Implicit Knowledge,Original Article
462,Diego Fernandez-Duque,University of Oregon,1,Attention Metaphors: How Metaphors Guide the Cognitive Psychology of Attention,Original Article
462,Mark L. Johnson,University of Oregon,0,Attention Metaphors: How Metaphors Guide the Cognitive Psychology of Attention,Original Article
464,Erik M Altmann,George Mason University,1,Episodic Indexing: A Model of Memory for Attention Events,Original Article
464,Bonnie E. John,Carnegie Mellon University,0,Episodic Indexing: A Model of Memory for Attention Events,Original Article
465,Morten H Christiansen,Southern Illinois University,1,Toward a Connectionist Model of Recursion in Human Linguistic Performance,Original Article
465,Nick Chater,University of Warwick,0,Toward a Connectionist Model of Recursion in Human Linguistic Performance,Original Article
466,Nigel J.T. Thomas,"California State University, Fullerton",1,Are Theories of Imagery Theories of Imagination? An Active Perception Approach to Conscious Mental Content,Original Article
467,Monica Bucciarelli,Centro di Scienza Cognitiva Universita' di Torino,1,Strategies in Syllogistic Reasoning,Original Article
467,P.N. Johnson-Laird,Princeton University,1,Strategies in Syllogistic Reasoning,Original Article
468,Craig S. Miller,Carnegie Mellon University,1,Goals and Learning in Microworlds,Original Article
468,"Jill Fain Lehman,",Carnegie Mellon University,0,Goals and Learning in Microworlds,Original Article
468,Kenneth R. Koedinger,Carnegie Mellon University,0,Goals and Learning in Microworlds,Original Article
469,Christian D. Schunn,George Mason University,1,The Generality/Specificity of Expertise in Scientific Reasoning,Original Article
469,John R. Anderson,Carnegie Mellon University,1,The Generality/Specificity of Expertise in Scientific Reasoning,Original Article
470,"George S. Cree,",University of Western Ontario,0,An Attractor Model of Lexical Conceptual Processing: Simulating Semantic Priming,Original Article
470,Ken McRae,University of Western Ontario,1,An Attractor Model of Lexical Conceptual Processing: Simulating Semantic Priming,Original Article
470,Chris McNorgan,University of Western Ontario,0,An Attractor Model of Lexical Conceptual Processing: Simulating Semantic Priming,Original Article
472,Morten H. Christiansen,Southern Illinois University,1,Connectionist Natural Language Processing: The State of the Art,Original Article
472,Nick Chater,University of Warwick,1,Connectionist Natural Language Processing: The State of the Art,Original Article
473,M. Gareth Gaskell,MRC Cognition and Brain Sciences Unit,1,"Ambiguity, Competition, and Blending in Spoken Word Recognition",Original Article
473,William D. Marslen–Wilson,MRC Cognition and Brain Sciences Unit,0,"Ambiguity, Competition, and Blending in Spoken Word Recognition",Original Article
474,Kim Plunkett,University of Oxford,1,A Connectionist Model of English Past Tense and Plural Morphology,Original Article
474,Patrick Juola,University of Oxford,0,A Connectionist Model of English Past Tense and Plural Morphology,Original Article
475,Whitney Tabor,University of Connecticut,1,Dynamical Models of Sentence Processing,Original Article
475,Michael K. Tanenhaus,University of Rochester,0,Dynamical Models of Sentence Processing,Original Article
476,Gary S. Dell,University of Illinois at Urbana—Champaign,1,Connectionist Models of Language Production: Lexical Access and Grammatical Encoding,Original Article
476,"Franklin Chang,",University of Illinois at Urbana—Champaign,0,Connectionist Models of Language Production: Lexical Access and Grammatical Encoding,Original Article
476,Zenzi M. Griffin,University of Illinois at Urbana—Champaign,0,Connectionist Models of Language Production: Lexical Access and Grammatical Encoding,Original Article
477,David C. Plaut,Carnegie Mellon University and the Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition,1,A Connectionist Approach to Word Reading and Acquired Dyslexia: Extension to Sequential Processing,Original Article
478,Mark S. Seidenberg,University of Southern California,1,A Probabilistic Constraints Approach to Language Acquisition and Processing,Original Article
478,Maryellen C. MacDonald,University of Southern California,0,A Probabilistic Constraints Approach to Language Acquisition and Processing,Original Article
479,Paul Smolensky,"Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland, USA",1,Grammar-based Connectionist Approaches to Language,Original Article
480,Mark Steedman,University of Pennsylvania and University of Edinburgh,1,Connectionist Sentence Processing in Perspective,Original Article
482,Stephanie M. Doane,Mississippi State University,1,Comprehension-Based Skill Acquisition,Original Article
482,"Young Woo Sohn,",University of Connecticut,0,Comprehension-Based Skill Acquisition,Original Article
482,"Danielle S. McNamara,",Old Dominion University,0,Comprehension-Based Skill Acquisition,Original Article
482,David Adams,Washington University in St. Louis,0,Comprehension-Based Skill Acquisition,Original Article
483,Eugenio Alberdi,University of Aberdeen,1,Accommodating Surprise in Taxonomic Tasks: The Role of Expertise,Original Article
483,"Derek H. Sleeman,",University of Aberdeen,0,Accommodating Surprise in Taxonomic Tasks: The Role of Expertise,Original Article
483,Meg Korpi,ETR Associates,0,Accommodating Surprise in Taxonomic Tasks: The Role of Expertise,Original Article
484,Scott A. Peterson,Cameron University,1,Computational Evidence for the Subitizing Phenomenon as an Emergent Property of the Human Cognitive Architecture,Original Article
484,Tony J. Simon,Georgia Institute of Technology,0,Computational Evidence for the Subitizing Phenomenon as an Emergent Property of the Human Cognitive Architecture,Original Article
485,Thomas Berg,University of Hamburg,1,A Local Connectionist Account of Consonant Harmony in Child Language,Original Article
485,Ulrich Schade,University of Bielefeld,0,A Local Connectionist Account of Consonant Harmony in Child Language,Original Article
486,Philip Goetz,"Intelligent Automation, Inc.",1,A Neuronal Basis for the Fan Effect,Original Article
486,Deborah Walters,SUNY at Buffalo,0,A Neuronal Basis for the Fan Effect,Original Article
487,Elaine B. Hyder,Carnegie Mellon University,1,Getting to Best: Efficiency versus Optimality in Negotiation,Original Article
487,Michael J. Prietula,University of Florida,1,Getting to Best: Efficiency versus Optimality in Negotiation,Original Article
487,Laurie R. Weingart,Carnegie Mellon University,1,Getting to Best: Efficiency versus Optimality in Negotiation,Original Article
488,Wayne D. Gray,George Mason University,1,The Nature and Processing of Errors in Interactive Behavior,Original Article
489,Lisa A. Haverty,Carnegie Mellon University,1,Solving Inductive Reasoning Problems in Mathematics: Not-so-Trivial Pursuit,Original Article
489,"Kenneth R. Koedinger,",Carnegie Mellon University,0,Solving Inductive Reasoning Problems in Mathematics: Not-so-Trivial Pursuit,Original Article
489,"David Klahr,",Carnegie Mellon University,0,Solving Inductive Reasoning Problems in Mathematics: Not-so-Trivial Pursuit,Original Article
489,Martha W. Alibali,Carnegie Mellon University,0,Solving Inductive Reasoning Problems in Mathematics: Not-so-Trivial Pursuit,Original Article
490,Fintan J. Costello,Dublin City University,1,Efficient Creativity: Constraint-Guided Conceptual Combination,Original Article
490,Mark T. Keane,National University of Ireland,0,Efficient Creativity: Constraint-Guided Conceptual Combination,Original Article
491,Michael Tomasello,Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology,1,Primate Cognition: Introduction to the Issue,Original Article
492,Roger K. R. Thompson,Franklin & Marshall College,1,Categorical Perception and Conceptual Judgments by Nonhuman Primates: The Paleological Monkey and the Analogical Ape,Original Article
492,David L. Oden,La Salle University,0,Categorical Perception and Conceptual Judgments by Nonhuman Primates: The Paleological Monkey and the Analogical Ape,Original Article
493,Josep Call,Max-Planck-Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology,1,Representing Space and Objects in Monkeys and Apes,Original Article
494,Sarah T. Boysen,Ohio State University,1,Primate Numerical Competence: Contributions Toward Understanding Nonhuman Cognition,Original Article
494,Karen I. Hallberg,Ohio State University,0,Primate Numerical Competence: Contributions Toward Understanding Nonhuman Cognition,Original Article
495,Marc D. Hauser,Harvard University,1,A Primate Dictionary? Decoding the Function and Meaning of Another Species' Vocalizations,Original Article
496,Andrew Whiten,University of St. Andrews,1,Primate Culture and Social Learning,Original Article
497,Daniel J. Povinelli,"Cognitive Evolution Group, University of Louisiana at Lafayette",1,Toward a Science of Other Minds: Escaping the Argument by Analogy,Original Article
497,"Jesse M. Bering,","Department of Psychology, University of Louisiana at Lafayette",0,Toward a Science of Other Minds: Escaping the Argument by Analogy,Original Article
497,Steve Giambrone,"Department of Philosophy, University of Louisiana at Lafayette",0,Toward a Science of Other Minds: Escaping the Argument by Analogy,Original Article
498,Richard W. Byrne,University of St. Andrews,1,Evolution of Primate Cognition,Original Article
500,Sarah K. Brem,Northwestern University,1,Explanation and Evidence in Informal Argument,Original Article
500,Lance J. Rips,Northwestern University,0,Explanation and Evidence in Informal Argument,Original Article
501,Peter A. White,Cardiff University,1,Naive Analysis of Food Web Dynamics: A Study of Causal Judgment About Complex Physical Systems,Original Article
502,"Fernand Gobet,",University of Nottingham,0,Five Seconds or Sixty? Presentation Time in Expert Memory,Original Article
502,Herbert A. Simon,Carnegie Mellon University,1,Five Seconds or Sixty? Presentation Time in Expert Memory,Original Article
505,Marc Pomplun,"University of Toronto, Department of Psychology, 100 St. George Street, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5S 3G3",1,Comparative visual search: a difference that makes a difference,Original Article
505,"Lorenz Sichelschmidt,","Faculty of Linguistics, University of Bielefeld, P.O. Box 10 01 31, 33501 Bielefeld, Germany",0,Comparative visual search: a difference that makes a difference,Original Article
505,"Karin Wagner,","Faculty of Psychology, University of Bielefeld, P.O. Box 10 01 31, 33501 Bielefeld, Germany",0,Comparative visual search: a difference that makes a difference,Original Article
505,"Thomas Clermont,","Faculty of Technology, University of Bielefeld, P.O. Box 10 01 31, 33501 Bielefeld, Germany",0,Comparative visual search: a difference that makes a difference,Original Article
505,"Gert Rickheit,","Faculty of Linguistics, University of Bielefeld, P.O. Box 10 01 31, 33501 Bielefeld, Germany",0,Comparative visual search: a difference that makes a difference,Original Article
505,Helge Ritter,"Faculty of Technology, University of Bielefeld, P.O. Box 10 01 31, 33501 Bielefeld, Germany",0,Comparative visual search: a difference that makes a difference,Original Article
506,Stanton Wortham,"University of Pennsylvania, Graduate School of Education, 3700 Walnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19104-6216, USA",1,Interactionally situated cognition: a classroom example,Original Article
507,Dario D. Salvucci,"Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA",1,Integrating analogical mapping and general problem solving: the path-mapping theory,Original Article
507,John R. Anderson,"Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA",0,Integrating analogical mapping and general problem solving: the path-mapping theory,Original Article
508,Guy C. Van Orden,"Cognitive Systems Group, Department of Psychology, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85287-1104, USA",1,What do double dissociations prove?,Original Article
508,"Bruce F. Pennington,","University of Denver, Denver, CO, USA",0,What do double dissociations prove?,Original Article
508,Gregory O. Stone,"Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ, USA",0,What do double dissociations prove?,Original Article
509,Walter Kintsch,"Institute of Cognitive Science, University of Colorado, Boulder, CO 80309-0344, USA",1,Predication,Original Article
510,Ron Sun,"CECS Department, University of Missouri-Columbia, Columbia, MO 65211, USA",1,From implicit skills to explicit knowledge: a bottom-up model of skill learning,Original Article
510,"Edward Merrill,","University of Alabama, Tuscaloosa, AL 35487, USA",0,From implicit skills to explicit knowledge: a bottom-up model of skill learning,Original Article
510,Todd Peterson,"University of Alabama, Tuscaloosa, AL 35487, USA",0,From implicit skills to explicit knowledge: a bottom-up model of skill learning,Original Article
511,Chris Eliasmith,"Philosophy-Neuroscience-Psychology Program, Department of Philosophy, Washington University in St. Louis, Campus Box 1073, One Brookings Dr., St. Louis, MO 63130-4899 USA",1,Integrating structure and meaning: a distributed model of analogical mapping,Original Article
511,Paul Thagard,"Department of Philosophy, University of Waterloo, Waterloo, ON, Canada, N2L 3G1",1,Integrating structure and meaning: a distributed model of analogical mapping,Original Article
512,Vinod Goela,"Department of Psychology, York University, Toronto, Canada",1,A computational model of frontal lobe dysfunction: working memory and the Tower of Hanoi task,Original Article
512,"David Pullara,","School of Computer Science, Simon Fraser University, Vancouver, Canada",0,A computational model of frontal lobe dysfunction: working memory and the Tower of Hanoi task,Original Article
512,Jordan Grafman,"Cognitive Neuroscience Section, National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Maryland, USA",0,A computational model of frontal lobe dysfunction: working memory and the Tower of Hanoi task,Original Article
513,Larry Z. Daily,Carnegie Mellon University,1,Modeling individual differences in working memory performance: a source activation account,Original Article
513,"Marsha C. Lovett,",Carnegie Mellon University,0,Modeling individual differences in working memory performance: a source activation account,Original Article
513,Lynne M. Reder,Carnegie Mellon University,0,Modeling individual differences in working memory performance: a source activation account,Original Article
514,Paul E. Johnson,"Department of Information and Decision Sciences, Carlson School of Management, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN 55455, USA",1,Detecting deception: adversarial problem solving in a low base-rate world,Original Article
514,"Stefano Grazioli,","Department of Management Science and Information Systems, Red McCombs School of Business, The University of Texas at Austin, USA",0,Detecting deception: adversarial problem solving in a low base-rate world,Original Article
514,"Karim Jamal,","Department of Accounting and MIS, School of Business, University of Alberta, Edmonton, Alberta, Canada",0,Detecting deception: adversarial problem solving in a low base-rate world,Original Article
514,R. Glen Berryman,"Department of Management and Economics, Carlson School of Management, University of Minnesota Minneapolis, MN 55455, USA",0,Detecting deception: adversarial problem solving in a low base-rate world,Original Article
515,C.B. Walter,"School of Kinesiology, University of Illinois at Chicago, 901 W. Roosevelt Road, Chicago, IL 60608-1516, USA",1,Systematic error in the organization of physical action,Original Article
515,"S.P. Swinnen,","Catholic University of Leuven, FLOK, K.U. Leuven, 3001 Heverlee, Belgium",0,Systematic error in the organization of physical action,Original Article
515,"N. Dounskaia,","Catholic University of Leuven, FLOK, K.U. Leuven, 3001 Heverlee, Belgium",0,Systematic error in the organization of physical action,Original Article
515,H. Van Langendonk,"Catholic University of Leuven, FLOK, K.U. Leuven, 3001 Heverlee, Belgium",0,Systematic error in the organization of physical action,Original Article
516,Athanassios Raftopoulos,"Assistant Professor of Philosophy and Cognitive Science, Department of Educational Sciences, University of Cyprus, P.O. Box 20537, Nicosia 1678, Cyprus",1,Is perception informationally encapsulated? The issue of the theory-ladenness of perception,Original Article
517,Barbara Von Eckardt,"Departments of Philosophy and Psychology, University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Lincoln, NE 68588-0308, USA",1,Multidisciplinarity and cognitive science,Original Article
518,Michelene T.H. Chi,"Learning Research and Development Center, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA",1,Learning from human tutoring,Original Article
518,"Stephanie A. Siler,","Learning Research and Development Center, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA",0,Learning from human tutoring,Original Article
518,"Heisawn Jeong,","Learning Research and Development Center, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA",0,Learning from human tutoring,Original Article
518,"Takashi Yamauchi,","Department of Psychology, Texas A&M University, College Station TX 77843.",0,Learning from human tutoring,Original Article
518,Robert G. Hausmann,"Learning Research and Development Center, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA",0,Learning from human tutoring,Original Article
519,Pascal Boyer,"Washington University One, Brookings Drive, St. Louis, MO 63130, USA",1,Cognitive templates for religious concepts: cross-cultural evidence for recall of counter-intuitive representations,Original Article
519,Charles Ramble,"Wolfson College, Oxford University, Linton Rd, Oxford OX2 6UD, UK",0,Cognitive templates for religious concepts: cross-cultural evidence for recall of counter-intuitive representations,Original Article
520,"Eugenia Goldvarg,","Infant Cognition Laboratory, Department of Brain and Cognitive Science, MIT, 77 Massachusetts Avenue, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA",0,Naive causality: a mental model theory of causal meaning and reasoning,Original Article
520,P.N. Johnson-Laird,"Department of Psychology, Princeton University, Green Hall, Princeton, NJ 08544, USA",1,Naive causality: a mental model theory of causal meaning and reasoning,Original Article
521,Richard Alterman,"Computer Science Department, Volen Center for Complex Systems, Brandeis University, Waltham, M.A. 02254, USA",1,Convention in joint activity,Original Article
521,Andrew Garland,"Computer Science Department, Volen Center for Complex Systems, Brandeis University, Waltham, M.A. 02254, USA",0,Convention in joint activity,Original Article
522,David Poeppel,"Departments of Linguistics and Biology, Cognitive Neuroscience of Language Lab, University of Maryland, 1401 Marie Mount Hall, College Park, MD 20742, USA",1,New approaches to the neural basis of speech sound processing: introduction to special section on brain and speech,Original Article
523,"Bradley R. Buchsbaum,","Department of Cognitive Sciences, University of California at Irvine, Irvine, CA 92697, USA",0,Role of left posterior superior temporal gyrus in phonological processing for speech perception and production,Brief Report
523,Gregory Hickok,"Department of Cognitive Sciences, University of California at Irvine, Irvine, CA 92697, USA",1,Role of left posterior superior temporal gyrus in phonological processing for speech perception and production,Brief Report
523,Colin Humphries,"Department of Cognitive Sciences, University of California at Irvine, Irvine, CA 92697, USA",0,Role of left posterior superior temporal gyrus in phonological processing for speech perception and production,Brief Report
524,David Poeppel,"Departments of Linguistics and Biology, Cognitive Neuroscience of Language Laboratory, University of Maryland College Park, 1401 Marie Mount Hall, College Park MD 20742, USA",1,Pure word deafness and the bilateral processing of the speech code,Original Article
525,Martha W. Burton,"Department of Neurology, University of Maryland School of Medicine, 12-011 Bressler Research Building, 655 W Baltimore Street, Baltimore, MD 21201-1559, USA",1,The role of inferior frontal cortex in phonological processing,Original Article
526,Colin Phillips,"University of Maryland, Department of Linguistics, 1401 Marie Mount Hall, College Park, MD 20742, USA",1,Levels of representation in the electrophysiology of speech perception,Regular Article
527,"Dolores Strom,","University of Wisconsin-Madison, WCER, 1025 West Johnson Street, Madison, WI 53706, USA",0,Visualizing the emergent structure of children's mathematical argument,Original Article
527,"Vera Kemeny,","University of Wisconsin-Madison, WCER, 1025 West Johnson Street, Madison, WI 53706, USA",0,Visualizing the emergent structure of children's mathematical argument,Original Article
527,Richard Lehrer,"University of Wisconsin-Madison, WCER, 1025 West Johnson Street, Madison, WI 53706, USA",1,Visualizing the emergent structure of children's mathematical argument,Original Article
527,Ellice Forman,"University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburg, PA, USA",0,Visualizing the emergent structure of children's mathematical argument,Original Article
528,Cameron Shelley,"Department of Philosophy, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1003, USA",1,The bicoherence theory of situational irony,Original Article
529,"Yi D. Cheng,","The University of Texas at Dallas, School of Human Development, GR 4.1, Cognition & Neuroscience Program, Richardson, TX 75083-0688, USA",0,Classifying adults' and children's faces by sex: computational investigations of subcategorical feature encoding,Original Article
529,Alice J. O'Toole,"The University of Texas at Dallas, School of Human Development, GR 4.1, Cognition & Neuroscience Program, Richardson, TX 75083-0688, USA",1,Classifying adults' and children's faces by sex: computational investigations of subcategorical feature encoding,Original Article
529,Hervé Abdi,"The University of Texas at Dallas, School of Human Development, GR 4.1, Cognition & Neuroscience Program, Richardson, TX 75083-0688, USA",0,Classifying adults' and children's faces by sex: computational investigations of subcategorical feature encoding,Original Article
530,Bruno G. Bara,"Centro di Scienza Cognitiva, Università di Torino, via Po 14, 10123 Torino, Italy",1,Model theory of deduction: a unified computational approach,Original Article
530,Monica Bucciarelli,"Centro di Scienza Cognitiva, Università di Torino, via Po 14, 10123 Torino, Italy",1,Model theory of deduction: a unified computational approach,Original Article
530,Vincenzo Lombardo,"Centro di Scienza Cognitiva, Università di Torino, via Po 14, 10123 Torino, Italy",1,Model theory of deduction: a unified computational approach,Original Article
531,Todd R. Johnson,"University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston, Houston, TX, USA",1,Use of current explanations in multicausal abductive reasoning,Original Article
531,Josef F. Krems,"Chemnitz University of Technology, Chemnitz, Germany",0,Use of current explanations in multicausal abductive reasoning,Original Article
532,Mary Jo Rattermann,"Department of Psychology, Franklin & Marshall College, Lancaster, PA 17604, USA",1,Partial and total-order planning: evidence from normal and prefrontally damaged populations,Original Article
532,Lee Spector,"School of Cognitive Science, Hampshire College, Amherst, MA 01002, USA",1,Partial and total-order planning: evidence from normal and prefrontally damaged populations,Original Article
532,Jordan Grafman,"  cNational Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, Building 10; Room 5C205; 10 Center Drive; MSC 1440, Bethesda, MD 20892-1440, USA",1,Partial and total-order planning: evidence from normal and prefrontally damaged populations,Original Article
532,Harvey Levin,"Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation, Baylor University College of Medicine, 1333 Moursound Avenue, A 205, Houston, TX 77030, USA",1,Partial and total-order planning: evidence from normal and prefrontally damaged populations,Original Article
532,Harriet Harward,"Callier Center for Communication Disorders, University of Texas at Dallas, 1966 Inwood Road, Dallas TX 75235, USA",0,Partial and total-order planning: evidence from normal and prefrontally damaged populations,Original Article
534,Edward W. Large,"Florida Atlantic University, Boca Raton, FL 33431-0991, USA",1,Perceiving temporal regularity in music,Original Article
534,Caroline Palmer,"The Ohio State University, USA",0,Perceiving temporal regularity in music,Original Article
535,Erik M. Altmann,"Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 48824, USA",1,Memory for goals: an activation-based model,Original Article
535,J. Gregory Trafton,"Naval Research Laboratory, 4555 Overlook Avenue SW, Washington DC 20375, USA",1,Memory for goals: an activation-based model,Original Article
536,John R. Anderson,"Psychology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA",1,Spanning seven orders of magnitude: a challenge for cognitive modeling,Original Article
537,Deb K. Roy,"MIT Media Laboratory, 20 Ames Street, Room E15-488, Cambridge, MA 01242, USA",1,Learning words from sights and sounds: a computational model,Original Article
537,Alex P. Pentland,"MIT Media Laboratory, 20 Ames Street, Room E15-488, Cambridge, MA 01242, USA",0,Learning words from sights and sounds: a computational model,Original Article
538,Vincent A.W.M.M. Aleven,"Human-Computer Interaction Institute, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890, USA",1,An effective metacognitive strategy: learning by doing and explaining with a computer-based Cognitive Tutor,Original Article
538,Kenneth R. Koedinger,"Human-Computer Interaction Institute, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890, USA",0,An effective metacognitive strategy: learning by doing and explaining with a computer-based Cognitive Tutor,Original Article
539,"Yafen Lo,","Rice University, Houston, TX 77005-1892, USA",0,Evidential diversity and premise probability in young children's inductive judgment,Original Article
539,"Ashley Sides,","Rice University, Houston, TX 77005-1892, USA",0,Evidential diversity and premise probability in young children's inductive judgment,Original Article
539,"Joseph Rozelle,","Rice University, Houston, TX 77005-1892, USA",0,Evidential diversity and premise probability in young children's inductive judgment,Original Article
539,Daniel Osherson,"Rice University, Houston, TX 77005-1892, USA",1,Evidential diversity and premise probability in young children's inductive judgment,Original Article
540,Bruno Laeng,"Department of Psychology, University of Tromsø, Åsgårdveien 9, N-9037 Tromsø, Norway",1,Eye scanpaths during visual imagery reenact those of perception of the same visual scene,Original Article
540,Dinu-Stefan Teodorescu,"Department of Psychology, University of Tromsø, Åsgårdveien 9, N-9037 Tromsø, Norway",0,Eye scanpaths during visual imagery reenact those of perception of the same visual scene,Original Article
543,Mark Johnson,"Department of Cognitive and Linguistic Sciences, Brown University, P.O. Box 1978, Providence, RI 02912, USA",1,Statistical models of syntax learning and use,Original Article
543,Stefan Riezler,"Palo Alto Research Center, 3333 Coyote Hill Road, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA",1,Statistical models of syntax learning and use,Original Article
544,Jason Eisner,"Department of Computer Science, Johns Hopkins University, 3400 N. Charles Street, Baltimore, MD 21218-2691, USA",1,Discovering syntactic deep structure via Bayesian statistics,Original Article
545,Marc Light,"The MITRE Corporation, 202 Burlington Road, Bedford, MA 01730, USA",1,Statistical models for the induction and use of selectional preferences,Original Article
545,Warren Greiff,"The MITRE Corporation, 202 Burlington Road, Bedford, MA 01730, USA",0,Statistical models for the induction and use of selectional preferences,Original Article
546,H.J. Nock,"Cambridge University Engineering Department, Trumpington Street, Cambridge CB2 1PZ, UK",1,Modelling asynchrony in automatic speech recognition using loosely coupled hidden Markov models,Original Article
546,S.J. Young,"Cambridge University Engineering Department, Trumpington Street, Cambridge CB2 1PZ, UK",1,Modelling asynchrony in automatic speech recognition using loosely coupled hidden Markov models,Original Article
547,Emmanuel M. Pothos,"Department of Psychology, University of Edinburgh, 7 George Square, Edinburgh EH8 9JZ, UK",1,A simplicity principle in unsupervised human categorization,Extended Article
547,Nick Chater,"Department of Psychology, University of Warwick, Coventry CV4 7AL, UK",0,A simplicity principle in unsupervised human categorization,Extended Article
548,"Iris van Rooij,","Cognitive Psychology, University of Victoria, Victoria, B.C., Canada",0,A non-representational approach to imagined action,Regular Article
548,"Raoul M. Bongers,","Developmental Psychology, University of Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands",0,A non-representational approach to imagined action,Regular Article
548,F.G. Haselager,"NICI/Cognitive Science, University of Nijmegen, Montessorilaan 3, 6525 HR Nijmegen, The Netherlands",1,A non-representational approach to imagined action,Regular Article
549,Denis Mareschal,"Centre for Brain and Cognitive Development, School of Psychology, Birkbeck College, University of London, Malet Street, London WC1E 7HX, UK",1,Asymmetric interference in 3- to 4-month-olds' sequential category learning,Brief Report
549,"Paul C. Quinn,","Department of Psychology, Washington & Jefferson College, Washington, PA, USA",0,Asymmetric interference in 3- to 4-month-olds' sequential category learning,Brief Report
549,Robert M. French,"Quantitative Psychology and Cognitive Science, Psychology Department, University of Liège, Belgium",0,Asymmetric interference in 3- to 4-month-olds' sequential category learning,Brief Report
552,Toben H. Mintz,"Department of Psychology, University of Southern California, SGM 501, MC 1061, Los Angeles, CA 90089-1061, USA",1,The distributional structure of grammatical categories in speech to young children,Original Article
552,"Elissa L. Newport,","Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester, Rochester, NY 14627, USA",0,The distributional structure of grammatical categories in speech to young children,Original Article
552,Thomas G. Bever,"Department of Linguistics, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA",0,The distributional structure of grammatical categories in speech to young children,Original Article
553,"Jean-Baptiste Van der Henst,","University of Leuven, Leuven, Belgium",0,Strategies in sentential reasoning,Original Article
553,"Yingrui Yang,","Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy, NY, USA",0,Strategies in sentential reasoning,Original Article
553,P.N. Johnson-Laird,"Department of Psychology, Princeton University, Green Hall, Princeton, NJ 08544, USA",1,Strategies in sentential reasoning,Original Article
554,Hajime Shirouzu,"School of Computer and Cognitive Sciences, Chukyo University, Toyota-shi 470-0393, Japan",1,Cognitively active externalization for situated reflection,Original Article
554,"Naomi Miyake,","School of Computer and Cognitive Sciences, Chukyo University, Toyota-shi 470-0393, Japan",0,Cognitively active externalization for situated reflection,Original Article
554,Hiroyuki Masukawa,"School of Computer and Cognitive Sciences, Chukyo University, Toyota-shi 470-0393, Japan",0,Cognitively active externalization for situated reflection,Original Article
555,Nicolas P. Rougier,"Department of Psychology, University of Colorado Boulder, 345 UCB, Boulder, CO 80309-0345, USA",1,Learning representations in a gated prefrontal cortex model of dynamic task switching,Brief Report
555,Randall C. O'Reilly,"Department of Psychology, University of Colorado Boulder, 345 UCB, Boulder, CO 80309-0345, USA",1,Learning representations in a gated prefrontal cortex model of dynamic task switching,Brief Report
557,Leonid Rozenblit,"Department of Psychology, Yale University, 2 Hillhouse Avenue, P.O. Box 208205, New Haven, CT 06520-8205, USA",1,The misunderstood limits of folk science: an illusion of explanatory depth,Extended Article
557,Frank Keil,"Department of Psychology, Yale University, 2 Hillhouse Avenue, P.O. Box 208205, New Haven, CT 06520-8205, USA",1,The misunderstood limits of folk science: an illusion of explanatory depth,Extended Article
558,Peter Juslin,"Department of Psychology, Umeå University, SE-901 87 Umeå, Sweden",1,PROBabilities from EXemplars (PROBEX): a “lazy” algorithm for probabilistic inference from generic knowledge,Extended Article
558,Magnus Persson,"Department of Psychology, Uppsala University, Box 1225, SE-751 42 Uppsala, Sweden",0,PROBabilities from EXemplars (PROBEX): a “lazy” algorithm for probabilistic inference from generic knowledge,Extended Article
559,Franklin Chang,"Beckman Institute, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, 405 North Mathews Avenue, Urbana, IL 61801, USA",1,Symbolically speaking: a connectionist model of sentence production,Extended Article
560,Ara Norenzayan,"Department of Psychology, University of British Columbia, 2136 West Mall, Vancouver, BC, Canada V6T 1Z4",1,Cultural preferences for formal versus intuitive reasoning,Regular Article
560,Edward E. Smith,"University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1003, USA",1,Cultural preferences for formal versus intuitive reasoning,Regular Article
560,Beom Jun Kim,"Yonsei University, Seoul, South Korea",1,Cultural preferences for formal versus intuitive reasoning,Regular Article
560,Richard E. Nisbett,"University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1003, USA",1,Cultural preferences for formal versus intuitive reasoning,Regular Article
562,Peter C.-H. Cheng,"Department of Psychology, ESRC Centre for Research in Development, Instruction and Training, University of Nottingham, University Park, Nottingham NG7 2RD, UK",1,Electrifying diagrams for learning: principles for complex representational systems,Extended Article
563,Joseph Paul Stemberger,"Department of Linguistics, University of British Columbia, E270-1866 Main Mall, Vancouver, BC, Canada V6T 1Z1",1,Overtensing and the effect of regularity,Regular Article
564,Lance J. Rips,"Department of Psychology, Northwestern University, 2029 Sheridan Road, Evanston, IL 60208, USA",1,Circular reasoning,Regular Article
565,Nicholas Furl,"School of Human Development GR4.1, The University of Texas at Dallas, Richardson, TX 75083-0688, USA",1,Face recognition algorithms and the other-race effect: computational mechanisms for a developmental contact hypothesis,Regular Article
565,P. Jonathon Phillips,"The National Institute of Standards and Technology, 100 Bureau Drive, Stop 8940, Gaithersburg, MD 20899-8940, USA",1,Face recognition algorithms and the other-race effect: computational mechanisms for a developmental contact hypothesis,Regular Article
565,Alice J. O'Toole,"School of Human Development GR4.1, The University of Texas at Dallas, Richardson, TX 75083-0688, USA",1,Face recognition algorithms and the other-race effect: computational mechanisms for a developmental contact hypothesis,Regular Article
566,Philip Garber,"Department of Psychology, University of Chicago, 5848 South University Avenue, Chicago, IL 60637, USA",1,Gesture offers insight into problem-solving in adults and children,Brief Report
566,Susan Goldin-Meadow,"Department of Psychology, University of Chicago, 5848 South University Avenue, Chicago, IL 60637, USA",1,Gesture offers insight into problem-solving in adults and children,Brief Report
571,Jean K. Gordon,"Department of Speech Pathology and Audiology, University of Iowa, 125B WJSHC, 250 Hawkins Drive, Iowa City, IA 52242, USA",1,Learning to divide the labor: an account of deficits in light and heavy verb production,Original Article
571,Gary S. Dell,"University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Beckman Institute, 405 North Mathews Avenue, Urbana, IL 61801, USA",1,Learning to divide the labor: an account of deficits in light and heavy verb production,Original Article
572,Michael Ramscar,"Edinburgh University, Edinburgh, Scotland, UK",1,Semantic grounding in models of analogy: an environmental approach,Original Article
572,Daniel Yarlett,"Edinburgh University, Edinburgh, Scotland, UK",0,Semantic grounding in models of analogy: an environmental approach,Original Article
573,Shimon Edelman,"Department of Psychology, Cornell University, 232 Uris Hall, Ithaca, NY 14853-7601, USA",1,"Towards structural systematicity in distributed, statically bound visual representations",Original Article
573,Nathan Intrator,"Institute for Brain and Neural Systems, Brown University, P.O. Box 1843, Providence, RI 02912, USA",0,"Towards structural systematicity in distributed, statically bound visual representations",Original Article
573," On leave from the School Computer Science, Tel-Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69678, Israel. ",NaN,0,"Towards structural systematicity in distributed, statically bound visual representations",Original Article
574,Gergely Csibra,"Centre for Brain and Cognitive Development, School of Psychology, Birkbeck College, Malet Street, London WC1E 7HX, UK",1,One-year-old infants use teleological representations of actions productively,Original Article
574,"Szilvia Bíró,","Rutgers University, Piscataway, NJ, USA",0,One-year-old infants use teleological representations of actions productively,Original Article
574,"Orsolya Koós,","Institute for Psychology, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest, Hungary",0,One-year-old infants use teleological representations of actions productively,Original Article
574,György Gergely,"Institute for Psychology, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest, Hungary",0,One-year-old infants use teleological representations of actions productively,Original Article
575,Holk Cruse,"Department of Biological Cybernetics, Faculty of Biology, University of Bielefeld, Postfach 100131, D-33501 Bielefeld, Germany",1,The evolution of cognition—a hypothesis,Original Article
578,Michael D. Lee,"Department of Psychology, University of Adelaide, Adelaide 5005, SA, Australia",1,Sequential sampling models of human text classification,Original Article
578,Elissa Y. Corlett,"Department of Psychology, University of Adelaide, Adelaide 5005, SA, Australia",0,Sequential sampling models of human text classification,Original Article
579,Adrian Bangerter,"Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA",1,Navigating joint projects with dialogue,Original Article
579,Herbert H. Clark,"Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA",0,Navigating joint projects with dialogue,Original Article
580,Hedderik van Rijn,"Department of Psychology, University of Amsterdam, Roetersstraat 15, NL-1018 WB Amsterdam, The Netherlands",1,Modeling developmental transitions on the balance scale task,Original Article
580,"Maarten van Someren,","Department of Psychology, University of Amsterdam, Roetersstraat 15, NL-1018 WB Amsterdam, The Netherlands",0,Modeling developmental transitions on the balance scale task,Original Article
580,Han van der Maas,"Department of Psychology, University of Amsterdam, Roetersstraat 15, NL-1018 WB Amsterdam, The Netherlands",0,Modeling developmental transitions on the balance scale task,Original Article
581,Jonathan A. Waskan,"Department of Philosophy, Beckman Institute for Advanced Science and Technology, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA",1,Intrinsic cognitive models,Original Article
582,James S. Magnuson,"Department of Psychology, Columbia University, 1190 Amsterdam Ave., MC 5501, New York City, NY 10027, USA",1,Lexical effects on compensation for coarticulation: the ghost of Christmash past,Comment
582,"Bob McMurray,","University of Rochester, New York, NY, USA",0,Lexical effects on compensation for coarticulation: the ghost of Christmash past,Comment
582,"Michael K. Tanenhaus,","University of Rochester, New York, NY, USA",0,Lexical effects on compensation for coarticulation: the ghost of Christmash past,Comment
582,Richard N. Aslin,"University of Rochester, New York, NY, USA",0,Lexical effects on compensation for coarticulation: the ghost of Christmash past,Comment
583,Marc Pomplun,"Department of Computer Science, University of Massachusetts, 100 Morrissey Boulevard, Boston, MA 02125-3393, USA",1,Area activation: a computational model of saccadic selectivity in visual search,Original Article
583,Eyal M. Reingold,"Department of Psychology, University of Toronto, 100 St. George Street, Toronto, Ont., Canada M5S 3G3",1,Area activation: a computational model of saccadic selectivity in visual search,Original Article
583,Jiye Shen,"Department of Psychology, University of Toronto, 100 St. George Street, Toronto, Ont., Canada M5S 3G3",1,Area activation: a computational model of saccadic selectivity in visual search,Original Article
584,V. Goffaux,"Unité de Neurosciences Cognitives (NESC), Université Catholique de Louvain, Place du Cardinal Mercier 10, 1348 Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium",1,ERP evidence for task modulations on face perceptual processing at different spatial scales,Original Article
584,"B. Jemel,","Unité de Neurosciences Cognitives (NESC), Université Catholique de Louvain, Place du Cardinal Mercier 10, 1348 Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium",0,ERP evidence for task modulations on face perceptual processing at different spatial scales,Original Article
584,"C. Jacques,","Unité de Neurosciences Cognitives (NESC), Université Catholique de Louvain, Place du Cardinal Mercier 10, 1348 Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium",0,ERP evidence for task modulations on face perceptual processing at different spatial scales,Original Article
584,"B. Rossion,","Unité de Neurosciences Cognitives (NESC), Université Catholique de Louvain, Place du Cardinal Mercier 10, 1348 Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium",0,ERP evidence for task modulations on face perceptual processing at different spatial scales,Original Article
584,P.G. Schyns,"Department of Psychology, University of Glasgow, Glasgow, UK",0,ERP evidence for task modulations on face perceptual processing at different spatial scales,Original Article
585,John E. Hummel,"Department of Psychology UCLA, 405 Hilgard Ave. Los Angeles, CA 90095-1563, USA",1,"“Effective systematicity” in, “effective systematicity” out: a reply to Edelman and Intrator (2003)",Letter to Editor
586,Shimon Edelman,"Department of Psychology, Cornell University 232 Uris Hall, Ithaca, NY 14853-7601, USA",1,Better limited systematicity in hand than structural descriptions in the bush: A reply to Hummel,Letter to Editor
586,Nathan Intrator,"School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University Ramat Aviv, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel",0,Better limited systematicity in hand than structural descriptions in the bush: A reply to Hummel,Letter to Editor
590,Richard M. Shiffrin,"Psychology Department, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA",1,Modeling memory and perception,Original Article
591,Wilson S. Geisler,"Department of Psychology, Center for Perceptual Systems, University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78712, USA",1,A Bayesian approach to the evolution of perceptual and cognitive systems,Original Article
591,Randy L. Diehl,"Department of Psychology, Center for Perceptual Systems, University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78712, USA",0,A Bayesian approach to the evolution of perceptual and cognitive systems,Original Article
592,David E. Huber,"Department of Psychology, University of Colorado, 345 UCB, Boulder, CO 80309-0345, USA",1,Persistence and accommodation in short-term priming and other perceptual paradigms: temporal segregation through synaptic depression,Original Article
592,Randall C. O'Reilly,"Department of Psychology, University of Colorado, 345 UCB, Boulder, CO 80309-0345, USA",0,Persistence and accommodation in short-term priming and other perceptual paradigms: temporal segregation through synaptic depression,Original Article
593,Jeroen G.W. Raaijmakers,"Department of Psychology, University of Amsterdam, Roetersstraat 15, 1018 WB Amsterdam, The Netherlands",1,Spacing and repetition effects in human memory: application of the SAM model,Original Article
594,Mark Steyvers,"Department of Cognitive Sciences, University of California, 3151 Social Sciences Plaza, Irvine, CA 92697-5100, USA",1,Inferring causal networks from observations and interventions,Original Article
594,Joshua B. Tenenbaum,"Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA, USA",1,Inferring causal networks from observations and interventions,Original Article
594,"Eric-Jan Wagenmakers,","Northwestern University, Evanston, IL, USA",0,Inferring causal networks from observations and interventions,Original Article
594,Ben Blum,"Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA",0,Inferring causal networks from observations and interventions,Original Article
595,Susan Dumais,"Microsoft Research, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98033, USA",1,Data-driven approaches to information access,Original Article
596,Walter Schneider,"Department of Psychology, University of Pittsburgh, 3939 O'Hara St., Pittsburgh, PA 15221, USA",1,"Controlled & automatic processing: behavior, theory, and biological mechanisms",Original Article
596,Jason M. Chein,"Department of Psychology, University of Pittsburgh, 3939 O'Hara St., Pittsburgh, PA 15221, USA",0,"Controlled & automatic processing: behavior, theory, and biological mechanisms",Original Article
598,Paul F.M.J. Verschure,"Institute of Neuroinformatics, University/ETH Zürich, Zürich, Switzerland",1,A real-world rational agent: unifying old and new AI,Original Article
598,Philipp Althaus,"Centre for Autonomous Systems, Royal Institute of Technology, S-10044 Stockholm, Sweden",0,A real-world rational agent: unifying old and new AI,Original Article
599,Cleotilde Gonzalez,"Department of Social and Decision Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, 5000 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA",1,Instance-based learning in dynamic decision making,Original Article
599,"Javier F. Lerch,","Department of Social and Decision Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, 5000 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA",0,Instance-based learning in dynamic decision making,Original Article
599,Christian Lebiere,"Department of Social and Decision Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, 5000 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA",0,Instance-based learning in dynamic decision making,Original Article
600,"Christopher F. Chabris,","Harvard University, Cambridge, MA, USA",0,"Visualization, pattern recognition, and forward search: effects of playing speed and sight of the position on grandmaster chess errors",Original Article
600,Eliot S. Hearst,"Department of Psychology, College of Social and Behavioral Sciences, University of Arizona, P.O. Box 210068, Tucson, AZ 85721-0068, USA",1,"Visualization, pattern recognition, and forward search: effects of playing speed and sight of the position on grandmaster chess errors",Original Article
601,Mirella Lapata,"Department of Computer Science, University of Sheffield, 11 Portobello Street, Sheffield S1 4DP, UK",1,Intra-sentential context effects on the interpretation of logical metonymy†,Original Article
601,Frank Keller,"School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh, 2 Buccleuch Place, Edinburgh EH8 9LW, UK",1,Intra-sentential context effects on the interpretation of logical metonymy†,Original Article
601,Christoph Scheepers,"Department of Psychology, University of Dundee, Scrymgeour Building, Dundee DD1 4HN, UK",1,Intra-sentential context effects on the interpretation of logical metonymy†,Original Article
602,Shaaron Ainsworth,"School of Psychology, University of Nottingham, University Park, Nottingham NG7 2RD, UK",1,The effects of self-explaining when learning with text or diagrams,Original Article
602,Andrea Th Loizou,"School of Psychology, University of Nottingham, University Park, Nottingham NG7 2RD, UK",0,The effects of self-explaining when learning with text or diagrams,Original Article
604,Subrata Dasgupta,"Institute of Cognitive Science, University of Louisiana at Lafayette, Lafayette, LA 70504-3772, USA",1,Multidisciplinary creativity: the case of Herbert A. Simon,Original Article
605,Bob Rehder,"Department of Psychology, New York University, 6 Washington Place, New York, NY 10003, USA",1,Categorization as causal reasoning†,Original Article
606,Janellen Huttenlocher,"Department of Psychology, University of Chicago, 5848 S. University Avenue, Chicago, IL 60637, USA",1,How toddlers represent enclosed spaces,Original Article
606,Marina Vasilyeva,"Department of Psychology, University of Chicago, 5848 S. University Avenue, Chicago, IL 60637, USA",0,How toddlers represent enclosed spaces,Original Article
607,Daniel C. Richardson,"Department of Psychology, Cornell University, 212 Uris Hall, Ithaca, NY 14850, USA",1,Spatial representations activated during real-time comprehension of verbs,Original Article
607,Michael J. Spivey,"Department of Psychology, Cornell University, 212 Uris Hall, Ithaca, NY 14850, USA",1,Spatial representations activated during real-time comprehension of verbs,Original Article
607,Lawrence W. Barsalou,"Department of Psychology, Emory University, Atlanta, GA 30322, USA",1,Spatial representations activated during real-time comprehension of verbs,Original Article
607,Ken McRae,"Department of Psychology, The University of Western Ontario, London, Ont., Canada N6A 5C2",1,Spatial representations activated during real-time comprehension of verbs,Original Article
608,Levi B. Larkey,"Department of Psychology, The University of Texas at Austin, 1 University Station A8000, Austin, TX 78712-0187, USA",1,CAB: Connectionist Analogy Builder,Original Article
608,Bradley C. Love,"Department of Psychology, The University of Texas at Austin, 1 University Station A8000, Austin, TX 78712-0187, USA",0,CAB: Connectionist Analogy Builder,Original Article
609,James M. McQueen,"Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics, Postbus 310, 6500 AH Nijmegen, The Netherlands",1,"The ghost of Christmas future: didn't Scrooge learn to be good? Commentary on Magnuson, McMurray, Tanenhaus, and Aslin (2003)",Letter to Editor
610,James S. Magnuson,"Department of Psychology, Columbia University, 1190 Amsterdam Ave., MC5501, New York, NY 10025, USA",1,Lexical effects on compensation for coarticulation: a tale of two systems?,Letter to Editor
610,"Bob McMurray,","Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester, Rochester, NY 10025, USA",0,Lexical effects on compensation for coarticulation: a tale of two systems?,Letter to Editor
610,"Michael K. Tanenhaus,","Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester, Rochester, NY 10025, USA",0,Lexical effects on compensation for coarticulation: a tale of two systems?,Letter to Editor
610,Richard N. Aslin,"Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester, Rochester, NY 10025, USA",0,Lexical effects on compensation for coarticulation: a tale of two systems?,Letter to Editor
612,nan,NaN,0,Announcement,Announcement
613,"Luke Boucher,","Department of Psychology, Sussex University, Brighton, Sussex BN1 9QG, UK",0,Two ways of learning associations,Original Article
613,Zoltán Dienes,"Department of Psychology, Sussex University, Brighton, Sussex BN1 9QG, UK",1,Two ways of learning associations,Original Article
614,Thea Cameron-Faulkner,"Department of Linguistics, University of Manchester, Manchester M13 9PL, UK",1,A construction based analysis of child directed speech,Original Article
614,Elena Lieven,"Psychology Department, Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology, Deutscher Platz 6, D-04103 Leipzig, Germany",1,A construction based analysis of child directed speech,Original Article
614,Michael Tomasello,"Psychology Department, Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology, Deutscher Platz 6, D-04103 Leipzig, Germany",1,A construction based analysis of child directed speech,Original Article
615,Stefan L. Frank,"Discourse Studies, Tilburg University; Tilburg, The Netherlands",1,Modeling knowledge-based inferences in story comprehension,Original Article
615,"Mathieu Koppen,","NICI, University of Nijmegen, Nijmegen The Netherlands",0,Modeling knowledge-based inferences in story comprehension,Original Article
615,"Leo G.M. Noordman,","Discourse Studies, Tilburg University; Tilburg, The Netherlands",0,Modeling knowledge-based inferences in story comprehension,Original Article
615,Wietske Vonk,"Center for Language Studies, University of Nijmegen, P.O. Box 310, 6500AH Nijmegen, The Netherlands",0,Modeling knowledge-based inferences in story comprehension,Original Article
616,Zachary Estes,"Department of Psychology, University of Georgia, Psychology Building, Athens, GA 30602, USA",1,A tale of two similarities: comparison and integration in conceptual combination,Original Article
617,Paul C. Quinn,"Department of Psychology, University of Delaware, Newark, DE 19716-2577, USA",1,What goes up may come down: perceptual process and knowledge access in the organization of complex visual patterns by young infants,Original Article
617,Philippe G. Schyns,"University of Glasgow, Scotland, UK",0,What goes up may come down: perceptual process and knowledge access in the organization of complex visual patterns by young infants,Original Article
619,nan,NaN,0,26th Annual Cognitive Science Conference,Announcement
624,Raluca Budiu,"Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA",1,Interpretation-based processing: a unified theory of semantic sentence comprehension,Original Article
624,John R. Anderson,"Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA",1,Interpretation-based processing: a unified theory of semantic sentence comprehension,Original Article
625,Constantinos Hadjichristidis,"Department of Psychology, University of Plymouth, UK",1,Feature centrality and property induction,Original Article
625,"Steven Sloman,","Department of Cognitive & Linguistic Sciences, Brown University, USA",0,Feature centrality and property induction,Original Article
625,"Rosemary Stevenson,","University of Durham, Durham, UK",0,Feature centrality and property induction,Original Article
625,David Over,"Department of Philosophy, University of Sunderland, Sunderland, UK",0,Feature centrality and property induction,Original Article
626,Jean-Christophe Buisson,"IRIT (Institut de Recherche en Informatique de Toulouse) and ENSEEIHT, Toulouse, France",1,A rhythm recognition computer program to advocate interactivist perception,Original Article
627,Jennifer M. Rodd,"Centre for Speech and Language, Department of Experimental Psychology, University of Cambridge, Downing Street, Cambridge CB2 3EB, UK",1,Modelling the effects of semantic ambiguity in word recognition,Original Article
627,"M. Gareth Gaskell,","Department of Psychology, University of York, UK",0,Modelling the effects of semantic ambiguity in word recognition,Original Article
627,William D. Marslen-Wilson,"MRC Cognition and Brain Sciences Unit, Cambridge, UK",0,Modelling the effects of semantic ambiguity in word recognition,Original Article
628,Joy E. Hanna,"Department of Psychology, State University of New York at Stony Brook, SUNY Stony Brook, Stony Brook, NY 11794, USA",1,Pragmatic effects on reference resolution in a collaborative task: evidence from eye movements,Original Article
628,Michael K. Tanenhaus,"University of Rochester, Rochester, NY, USA",0,Pragmatic effects on reference resolution in a collaborative task: evidence from eye movements,Original Article
629,Nicola Knight,"Department of Psychology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA",1,Children's attributions of beliefs to humans and God: cross-cultural evidence,Original Article
629,"Paulo Sousa,","Department of Anthropology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA",0,Children's attributions of beliefs to humans and God: cross-cultural evidence,Original Article
629,"Justin L. Barrett,","Institute for Social Research, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA",0,Children's attributions of beliefs to humans and God: cross-cultural evidence,Original Article
629,Scott Atran,"Institute for Social Research, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA",0,Children's attributions of beliefs to humans and God: cross-cultural evidence,Original Article
630,Cindy E. Hmelo-Silver,"Department of Educational Psychology, Rutgers University, 10 Seminary Place, New Brunswick, NJ 08901-1183, USA",1,"Comparing expert and novice understanding of a complex system from the perspective of structures, behaviors, and functions",Original Article
630,Merav Green Pfeffer,"Department of Educational Psychology, Rutgers University, 10 Seminary Place, New Brunswick, NJ 08901-1183, USA",0,"Comparing expert and novice understanding of a complex system from the perspective of structures, behaviors, and functions",Original Article
631,nan,NaN,0,Virtual Colloquium Series,Announcement
633,Frédéric Gosselin,"Département de Psychologie, Université de Montréal, 90 Vincent-d'Indy, C.P. 6128 succ., Centre-ville, Montreal, Que., Canada H3C 3J7",1,A picture is worth thousands of trials: rendering the use of visual information from spiking neurons to recognition,Original Article
633,Philippe G. Schyns,"Department of Psychology, University of Glasgow, Glasgow G12 8QB, UK",0,A picture is worth thousands of trials: rendering the use of visual information from spiking neurons to recognition,Original Article
634,Dario Ringach,"Departments of Neurobiology and Psychology, Jules Stein Eye Institute, David Geffen School of Medicine, University of California at Los Angeles, USA",1,Reverse correlation in neurophysiology,Original Article
634,Robert Shapley,"Center for Neural Science, New York University, USA",1,Reverse correlation in neurophysiology,Original Article
635,Jason M. Gold,"Department of Psychology, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA",1,Characterizing perceptual learning with external noise,Original Article
635,"Allison B. Sekuler,","Department of Psychology, McMaster University, Hamilton, Ont., Canada",0,Characterizing perceptual learning with external noise,Original Article
635,Partrick J. Bennett,"Department of Psychology, McMaster University, Hamilton, Ont., Canada",0,Characterizing perceptual learning with external noise,Original Article
636,Michael C. Mangini,"Department of Psychology, University of Southern California, 3641 Watt Way, HNB 2520, Los Angeles, CA 90089-2520, USA",1,Making the ineffable explicit: estimating the information employed for face classifications,Original Article
636,Irving Biederman,"Department of Psychology, University of Southern California, 3641 Watt Way, HNB 2520, Los Angeles, CA 90089-2520, USA",1,Making the ineffable explicit: estimating the information employed for face classifications,Original Article
637,Cheryl Olman,"Graduate Program in Neuroscience, University of Minnesota, USA",1,"Classification objects, ideal observers & generative models",Original Article
637,Daniel Kersten,"Department of Psychology, University of Minnesota, USA",1,"Classification objects, ideal observers & generative models",Original Article
638,Peter U. Tse,"Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Dartmouth College, HB 6207, Moore Hall, PBS, Hanover, NH 03755, USA",1,Mapping visual attention with change blindness: new directions for a new method,Original Article
639,Javid Sadr,"Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 45 Carleton Street, Room E25-201, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA",1,Object recognition and Random Image Structure Evolution,Original Article
639,Pawan Sinha,"Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 45 Carleton Street, Room E25-201, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA",1,Object recognition and Random Image Structure Evolution,Original Article
640,"Céline Vinette,","Départément de psychologie, Université de Montréal, 90 Vincent-d'Indy, C.P. 6128 succ. Centre-ville, Montréal, Que., Canada H3C 3J7",0,Spatio-temporal dynamics of face recognition in a flash: it's in the eyes,Original Article
640,Frédéric Gosselin,"Départément de psychologie, Université de Montréal, 90 Vincent-d'Indy, C.P. 6128 succ. Centre-ville, Montréal, Que., Canada H3C 3J7",1,Spatio-temporal dynamics of face recognition in a flash: it's in the eyes,Original Article
640,Philippe G. Schyns,"Department of Psychology, University of Glasgow, Glasgow G12 8QB, UK",0,Spatio-temporal dynamics of face recognition in a flash: it's in the eyes,Original Article
642,David M. Sobel,"Department of Cognitive and Linguistic Sciences, Brown University, P.O. Box 1978, Providence, RI 02912, USA",1,Children's causal inferences from indirect evidence: Backwards blocking and Bayesian reasoning in preschoolers,Original Article
642,"Joshua B. Tenenbaum,","Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, USA",0,Children's causal inferences from indirect evidence: Backwards blocking and Bayesian reasoning in preschoolers,Original Article
642,Alison Gopnik,"Department of Psychology, University of California at Berkeley, USA",0,Children's causal inferences from indirect evidence: Backwards blocking and Bayesian reasoning in preschoolers,Original Article
643,James K. Kroger,"Department of Psychology, New Mexico State University, MSC 3452, Science Hall, Room 220, Sweet/Stewart St., Las Cruces, NM 88003-8006, USA",1,Varieties of sameness: the impact of relational complexity on perceptual comparisons†,Original Article
643,"Keith J. Holyoak,","Department of Psychology, University of California at Los Angeles, LA 951563, CA 90095-1563, USA",0,Varieties of sameness: the impact of relational complexity on perceptual comparisons†,Original Article
643,John E. Hummel,"Department of Psychology, University of California at Los Angeles, LA 951563, CA 90095-1563, USA",0,Varieties of sameness: the impact of relational complexity on perceptual comparisons†,Original Article
644,Wayne D. Gray,"Department of Cognitive Science, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Carnegie Building (Room 108), 110 8th Street, Troy, NY 12180, USA",1,Soft constraints in interactive behavior: the case of ignoring perfect knowledge in-the-world for imperfect knowledge in-the-head†‡,Original Article
644,Wai-Tat Fu,"Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890, USA",0,Soft constraints in interactive behavior: the case of ignoring perfect knowledge in-the-world for imperfect knowledge in-the-head†‡,Original Article
645,Karl Magnus Petersson,"Neurocognition of Language Research Group, Max-Planck-Institute for Psycholinguistics, Nijmegen, The Netherlands",1,Artificial syntactic violations activate Broca's region,Original Article
645,"Christian Forkstam,","Cognitive Neurology and Memory Research Group, F.C. Donders Centre for Cognitive Neuroimaging, University of Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands",0,Artificial syntactic violations activate Broca's region,Original Article
645,Martin Ingvar,"Cognitive Neurophysiology Research Group, Department of Clinical Neuroscience, N8 Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm, Sweden",0,Artificial syntactic violations activate Broca's region,Original Article
646,Todd Edwin Jones,"University of Nevada, 1404 S. Sixth St., Las Vegas, NV 89104, USA",1,Special Sciences: still a flawed argument after all these years,Original Article
647,James A. Dixon,"Department of Psychology, 406 Babbidge Road, Unit 1020, University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT 06269-1020, USA",1,On the spontaneous discovery of a mathematical relation during problem solving,Original Article
647,Ashley S. Bangert,"Department of Psychology, 525 East University, Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1109, USA",0,On the spontaneous discovery of a mathematical relation during problem solving,Original Article
648,Nicole M. McNeil,"Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin-Madison, 1202 West Johnson Street, Madison, WI 53706, USA",1,You'll see what you mean: Students encode equations based on their knowledge of arithmetic,Original Article
648,Martha W. Alibali,"Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin-Madison, 1202 West Johnson Street, Madison, WI 53706, USA",1,You'll see what you mean: Students encode equations based on their knowledge of arithmetic,Original Article
649,Katya Tentori,"University of Trento, Trento, Italy",1,The conjunction fallacy: a misunderstanding about conjunction?,Original Article
649,Nicolao Bonini,"University of Trento, Trento, Italy",1,The conjunction fallacy: a misunderstanding about conjunction?,Original Article
649,Daniel Osherson,"Department of Psychology, Princeton University, Green Hall, Princeton, NJ 08544-1010, USA",1,The conjunction fallacy: a misunderstanding about conjunction?,Original Article
652,Keith Stenning,"Human Communication Research Centre, Edinbugh University, 2, Buccleuch Place, Edinburgh EH8 9LW, UK",1,A little logic goes a long way: basing experiment on semantic theory in the cognitive science of conditional reasoning,Original Article
652,Michiel van Lambalgen,"Human Communication Research Centre, Edinbugh University, 2, Buccleuch Place, Edinburgh EH8 9LW, UK",0,A little logic goes a long way: basing experiment on semantic theory in the cognitive science of conditional reasoning,Original Article
653,Zoltan Dienes,"Department of Psychology, Sussex University, Brighton, East Susses BN1 9QG, England, UK",1,Can musical transformations be implicitly learned?,Original Article
653,Christopher Longuet-Higgins,"Department of Psychology, Sussex University, Brighton, East Susses BN1 9QG, England, UK",0,Can musical transformations be implicitly learned?,Original Article
654,Matthias J. Scheutz,"Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Notre Dame, 351 Fitzpatrick, Notre Dame, IN 46556",1,Effects of morphosyntactic gender features in bilingual language processing†‡,Original Article
654,Kathleen M. Eberhard,"Department of Psychology, University of Notre Dame, IN",0,Effects of morphosyntactic gender features in bilingual language processing†‡,Original Article
655,Merideth Gattis,"Max Planck Institute for Psychological Research, University of Sheffield, UK",1,Mapping relational structure in spatial reasoning,Original Article
655," School of Psychology, Cardiff University. ",NaN,0,Mapping relational structure in spatial reasoning,Original Article
656,Rolf A. Zwaan,"Department of Psychology, Florida State University, Tallahassee, FL 32306-1270, USA",1,Moving words: dynamic representations in language comprehension†,Original Article
656,"Carol J. Madden,","Department of Psychology, Florida State University, Tallahassee, FL 32306-1270, USA",0,Moving words: dynamic representations in language comprehension†,Original Article
656,"Richard H. Yaxley,","Department of Psychology, Florida State University, Tallahassee, FL 32306-1270, USA",0,Moving words: dynamic representations in language comprehension†,Original Article
656,Mark E. Aveyard,"Department of Psychology, Florida State University, Tallahassee, FL 32306-1270, USA",0,Moving words: dynamic representations in language comprehension†,Original Article
657,Jean-Fran?ois Bonnefon,"Laboratoire Dynamiques Sociocognitives et Vie Politique, Universite Toulouse-2, Maison de la Recherche, 5 Allé Antonio Machado, 31058 Toulouse Cedex 5, France",1,"Reinstatement, floating conclusions, and the credulity of Mental Model reasoning",Original Article
659,nan,NaN,0,Introduction to the Special Issue,Original Article
660,Aravind K. Joshi,"Department of Computer and Information Science, Institute for Research in Cognitive Science, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA",1,"Starting with complex primitives pays off: complicate locally, simplify globally",Original Article
661,Robert Frank,"Department of Cognitive Science, Johns Hopkins University, 3400 N. Charles Streeet, Baltmore, MD 21218, USA",1,Restricting grammatical complexity,Original Article
662,Edward P. Stabler,"UCLA Department of Linguistics, University of California, 3125 Campbell Hall, P.O. Box 951543, Los Angeles, CA 90095-1542, USA",1,Varieties of crossing dependencies: structure dependence and mild context sensitivity,Original Article
663,Fernanda Ferreira,"Department of Psychology, Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 488424-1117, USA",1,"Disfluencies, language comprehension, and Tree Adjoining Grammars",Original Article
663,"Ellen F. Lau,","Department of Psychology, Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 488424-1117, USA",0,"Disfluencies, language comprehension, and Tree Adjoining Grammars",Original Article
663,Karl G.D. Bailey,"Department of Psychology, Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 488424-1117, USA",0,"Disfluencies, language comprehension, and Tree Adjoining Grammars",Original Article
664,Bonnie Webber,"School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh2 Buccleuch Place, Edinburgh EH8 9LW, UK",1,D-LTAG: extending lexicalized TAG to discourse,Original Article
665,Matthew Stone,"Department of Computer Science and Center for Cognitive Science, Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey, 110 Frelinghuysen Road, Piscatawary, NJ 08854-8019, USA",1,"Intention, interpretation and the computational structure of language",Original Article
666,M.A. Walker,"Department of Computer Science, University of Sheffeld, Sheffield, S1 4DP, UK",1,Generation and evaluation of user tailored responses in multimodal dialogue,Original Article
666,"S.J. Whittaker,","Department of Computer Science, University of Sheffeld, Sheffield, S1 4DP, UK",0,Generation and evaluation of user tailored responses in multimodal dialogue,Original Article
666,"A. Stent,","SUNY at Stony Brook, Stony Brook, NY 11794, USA",0,Generation and evaluation of user tailored responses in multimodal dialogue,Original Article
666,"P. Maloor,","AT&T Labs Research, Florham Park, NJ07932, USA",0,Generation and evaluation of user tailored responses in multimodal dialogue,Original Article
666,"J. Moore,","University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH8 9LW, Scotland",0,Generation and evaluation of user tailored responses in multimodal dialogue,Original Article
666,"M. Johnston,","AT&T Labs Research, Florham Park, NJ07932, USA",0,Generation and evaluation of user tailored responses in multimodal dialogue,Original Article
666,G. Vasireddy,"AT&T Labs Research, Florham Park, NJ07932, USA",0,Generation and evaluation of user tailored responses in multimodal dialogue,Original Article
667,nan,NaN,0,Announcement,Announcement
669,Andrea A. diSessa,"Graduate School of Education, University of California, 4647 Tolman Hall, Berkeley, CA 94720, USA",1,Coherence versus fragmentation in the development of the concept of force,Extended Article
669,"Nicole M. Gillespie,","Graduate School of Education, University of California, 4647 Tolman Hall, Berkeley, CA 94720, USA",0,Coherence versus fragmentation in the development of the concept of force,Extended Article
669,Jennifer B. Esterly,"Department of Psychology, California State University, Stanislaus, Turlock, CA 95382, USA",0,Coherence versus fragmentation in the development of the concept of force,Extended Article
670,Wai-Tat Fu,"Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15232, USA",1,Resolving the paradox of the active user: stable suboptimal performance in interactive tasks,Regular Article
670,Wayne D. Gray,"Cognitive Science Department, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy, NY, USA",0,Resolving the paradox of the active user: stable suboptimal performance in interactive tasks,Regular Article
671,Dale J. Barr,"Department of Psychology - 075, University of California, Riverside, CA 92521, USA",1,Establishing conventional communication systems: Is common knowledge necessary?,Regular Article
672,Ori Friedman,"Center for Cognitive Science Rutgers University 152 Frelinghuysen Road, Piscataway NJ USA",1,A developmental shift in processes underlying successful belief-desire reasoning,Regular Article
672,Alan M. Leslie,"Center for Cognitive Science Rutgers University 152 Frelinghuysen Road, Piscataway NJ USA",0,A developmental shift in processes underlying successful belief-desire reasoning,Regular Article
673,Jeffrey M. Zacks,"Department of Psychology, Washington University, 1 Brookings Drive, Saint Louis, MO 63130, USA",1,Using movement and intentions to understand simple events,Regular Article
674,Torsten Reimer,"Max Planck Institute for Human Development, Berlin and University of Basel, Lentzeallee 94, 14195 Berlin, Germany",1,The use of recognition in group decision-making,Brief Report
674,Konstantinos V. Katsikopoulos,"Max Planck Institute for Human Development, Berlin and University of Basel, Lentzeallee 94, 14195 Berlin, Germany",1,The use of recognition in group decision-making,Brief Report
675,nan,NaN,0,Call for Nominations,Announcement
680,Robert L. Goldstone,Indiana University,1,Returning to a New Home,Original Article
681,Steven A. Sloman,"Cognitive and Linguistic Sciences, Brown University",1,Do We “do”?,Original Article
681,David A. Lagnado,"Department of Psychology, University College, London",0,Do We “do”?,Original Article
682,Mark Steyvers,"Department of Cognitive Sciences, University of California, Irvine",1,The Large-Scale Structure of Semantic Networks: Statistical Analyses and a Model of Semantic Growth,Original Article
682,Joshua B. Tenenbaum,"Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology",1,The Large-Scale Structure of Semantic Networks: Statistical Analyses and a Model of Semantic Growth,Original Article
683,Saskia Jaarsveld,"University of Sunderland, Sunderland, UK",1,Sketches from a Design Process: Creative Cognition Inferred From Intermediate Products,Original Article
683,Cees van Leeuwen,"Laboratory for Perceptual Dynamics, RIKEN BSI, Japan and University of Sunderland, Sunderland, UK",1,Sketches from a Design Process: Creative Cognition Inferred From Intermediate Products,Original Article
684,Murray Shanahan,"Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, Imperial College, London, England",1,Perception as Abduction: Turning Sensor Data Into Meaningful Representation,Original Article
685,Terry Dartnall,"Computing and Information Technology, Griffith University, Australia",1,"Does the World Leak Into the Mind? Active Externalism, “Internalism” and Epistemology",Original Article
686,Simon Dennis,"Institute of Cognitive Science, University of Colorado",1,A Memory-Based Theory of Verbal Cognition,Original Article
687,Jonah A. Berger,"Graduate School of Business, Stanford University",1,Idea Habitats: How the Prevalence of Environmental Cues Influences the Success of Ideas,Original Article
687,Chip Heath,"Graduate School of Business, Stanford University",0,Idea Habitats: How the Prevalence of Environmental Cues Influences the Success of Ideas,Original Article
688,Edward Kako,"Department of Psychology, Swarthmore College",1,Information Sources for Noun Learning,Original Article
689,Daniel Grodner,Brown University,1,Consequences of the Serial Nature of Linguistic Input for Sentenial Complexity,Original Article
689,Edward Gibson,Massachusetts Institute of Technology,0,Consequences of the Serial Nature of Linguistic Input for Sentenial Complexity,Original Article
690,Patrick Sturt,"Department of Psychology, University of Glasgow, Scotland",1,Processing Coordinated Structures: Incrementality and Connectedness,Original Article
690,Vincenzo Lombardo,"Dipartimento di Informatica, Universitá di Torino, Italy",0,Processing Coordinated Structures: Incrementality and Connectedness,Original Article
691,nan,NaN,0,Introduction to the 2004 Rumelhart Prize Special Issue Honoring John R. Anderson,Original Article
692,John R. Anderson,"Psychology Department, Carnegie Mellon University",1,Human Symbol Manipulation Within an Integrated Cognitive Architecture,Original Article
693,Peter Pirolli,"PARC, Information Sciences and Technologies Laboratory",1,Rational Analyses of Information Foraging on the Web,Original Article
694,Richard L. Lewis,"Departments of Psychology and Linguistics, University of Michigan",1,An Activation-Based Model of Sentence Processing as Skilled Memory Retrieval,Original Article
694,Shravan Vasishth,"Institute for Linguistics, University of Potsdam",0,An Activation-Based Model of Sentence Processing as Skilled Memory Retrieval,Original Article
695,Niels Taatgen,"Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University and Department of Artificial Intelligence, University of Groningen, Netherlands",1,Modeling Parallelization and Flexibility Improvements in Skill Acquisition: From Dual Tasks to Complex Dynamic Skills,Original Article
696,Dario D. Salvucci,"Department of Computer Science, Drexel University",1,A Multitasking General Executive for Compound Continuous Tasks,Original Article
697,Marsha C. Lovett,"Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University",1,A Strategy-Based Interpretation of Stroop,Original Article
698,Sara J. Unsworth,"Department of Psychology, Northwestern University",1,Cultural Differences in Belief Bias Associated with Deductive Reasoning?,Original Article
698,Douglas L. Medin,"Department of Psychology, Northwestern University",0,Cultural Differences in Belief Bias Associated with Deductive Reasoning?,Original Article
699,Geraldine L. Pellecchia,"Department of Physical Therapy, University of Connecticut",1,Concurrent Cognitive Task Modulates Coordination Dynamics,Original Article
699,"Kevin Shockley,","Department of Psychology, University of Cincinnati",0,Concurrent Cognitive Task Modulates Coordination Dynamics,Original Article
699,M. T. Turvey,"Department of Psychology & Center for the Ecological Study of Perception and Action, University of Connecticut",0,Concurrent Cognitive Task Modulates Coordination Dynamics,Original Article
700,Philip I. Pavlik Jr.,"Psychology Department, Carnegie Mellon University",1,Practice and Forgetting Effects on Vocabulary Memory: An Activation-Based Model of the Spacing Effect,Original Article
700,John R. Anderson,"Psychology Department, Carnegie Mellon University",0,Practice and Forgetting Effects on Vocabulary Memory: An Activation-Based Model of the Spacing Effect,Original Article
701,Taylor Martin,"College of Education, University of Texas, Austin",1,Physically Distributed Learning: Adapting and Reinterpreting Physical Environments in the Development of Fraction Concepts,Original Article
701,Daniel L. Schwartz,"School of Education, Stanford University",0,Physically Distributed Learning: Adapting and Reinterpreting Physical Environments in the Development of Fraction Concepts,Original Article
702,Christopher T. Kello,"Department of Psychology, George Mason University",1,Dissociations in Performance on Novel Versus Irregular Items: Single-Route Demonstrations With Input Gain in Localist and Distributed Models,Original Article
702,"Daragh E. Sibley,","Department of Psychology, George Mason University",0,Dissociations in Performance on Novel Versus Irregular Items: Single-Route Demonstrations With Input Gain in Localist and Distributed Models,Original Article
702,David C. Plaut,"Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University",0,Dissociations in Performance on Novel Versus Irregular Items: Single-Route Demonstrations With Input Gain in Localist and Distributed Models,Original Article
703,Teenie Matlock,"Department of Psychology, Stanford University",1,On the Experiential Link Between Spatial and Temporal Language,Original Article
703,"Michael Ramscar,","Department of Psychology, Stanford University",0,On the Experiential Link Between Spatial and Temporal Language,Original Article
703,Lera Boroditsky,"Department of Psychology, Stanford University",0,On the Experiential Link Between Spatial and Temporal Language,Original Article
704,Linda B. Smith,"Department of Psychology, Indiana University",1,Action Alters Shape Categories,Original Article
705,"Nick Perham,School of Psychology, Cardiff University, Wales",NaN,0,Deontic Reasoning With Emotional Content: Evolutionary Psychology or Decision Theory?,Original Article
705,Mike Oaksford,NaN,0,Deontic Reasoning With Emotional Content: Evolutionary Psychology or Decision Theory?,Original Article
706,Katja Katja Wiemer-Hastings,NaN,0,Content Differences for Abstract and Concrete Concepts,Original Article
706,"Xu XuDepartment of Psychology, Northern Illinois University",NaN,0,Content Differences for Abstract and Concrete Concepts,Original Article
707,Bruno Galantucci,NaN,0,An Experimental Study of the Emergence of Human Communication Systems,Original Article
708,Timothy J. Nokes,NaN,0,Comparing Multiple Paths to Mastery: What is Learned?,Original Article
708,Stellan OhlssonUniversity of Illinois at Chicago,NaN,0,Comparing Multiple Paths to Mastery: What is Learned?,Original Article
709,Daniel C. Krawczyk,NaN,0,The One-to-One Constraint in Analogical Mapping and Inference,Original Article
709,"Keith J. Holyoak,University of California, Los Angeles",NaN,0,The One-to-One Constraint in Analogical Mapping and Inference,Original Article
709,"John E. HummelUniversity of California, Los Angeles",NaN,0,The One-to-One Constraint in Analogical Mapping and Inference,Original Article
710,Michael Tlauka,NaN,0,Viewing a Map Versus Reading a Description of a Map: Modality-Specific Encoding of Spatial Information,Original Article
710,"Hannah Keage,School of Psychology, Flinders University",NaN,0,Viewing a Map Versus Reading a Description of a Map: Modality-Specific Encoding of Spatial Information,Original Article
710,"C. Richard ClarkSchool of Psychology, Flinders University",NaN,0,Viewing a Map Versus Reading a Description of a Map: Modality-Specific Encoding of Spatial Information,Original Article
711,Terry Regier,"Department of Psychology, University of Chicago",1,The Emergence of Words: Attentional Learning in Form and Meaning,Original Article
712,Odette Scharenborg,"Radboud University Nijmegen, The Netherlands",1,How Should a Speech Recognizer Work?,Original Article
712,"Dennis Norris,","Medical Research Council Cognition and Brain Sciences Unit, Cambridge, UK",0,How Should a Speech Recognizer Work?,Original Article
712,"Louis ten Bosch,","Radboud University Nijmegen, The Netherlands",0,How Should a Speech Recognizer Work?,Original Article
712,James M. McQueen,"Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics, Nijmegen, The Netherlands",0,How Should a Speech Recognizer Work?,Original Article
713,"Keith Stenning,","Human Communication Research Center, University of Edinburgh",0,Semantic Interpretation as Computation in Nonmonotonic Logic: The Real Meaning of the Suppression Task,Original Article
713,Michiel van Lambalgen,"Department of Philosophy, University of Amsterdam",1,Semantic Interpretation as Computation in Nonmonotonic Logic: The Real Meaning of the Suppression Task,Original Article
714,Chen Yu,"Department of Psychology and Cognitive Science Program, Indiana University",1,The Role of Embodied Intention in Early Lexical Acquisition,Original Article
714,"Dana H. Ballard,","Department of Computer Science, University of Rochester",0,The Role of Embodied Intention in Early Lexical Acquisition,Original Article
714,Richard N. Aslin,"Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester",0,The Role of Embodied Intention in Early Lexical Acquisition,Original Article
715,Florencia Reali,"Department of Psychology, Cornell University",1,Uncovering the Richness of the Stimulus: Structure Dependence and Indirect Statistical Evidence,Original Article
715,Morten H. Christiansen,"Department of Psychology, Cornell University",0,Uncovering the Richness of the Stimulus: Structure Dependence and Indirect Statistical Evidence,Original Article
716,Wing Chee So,"Department of Psychology, University of Chicago",1,The Seeds of Spatial Grammar in the Manual Modality,Original Article
716,"Marie Coppola,","Department of Psychology, University of Chicago",0,The Seeds of Spatial Grammar in the Manual Modality,Original Article
716,"Vincent Licciardello,","Department of Psychology, University of Chicago",0,The Seeds of Spatial Grammar in the Manual Modality,Original Article
716,Susan Goldin-Meadow,"Department of Psychology, University of Chicago",0,The Seeds of Spatial Grammar in the Manual Modality,Original Article
717,Daniel C. Richardson,"Psychology Department, Stanford University",1,Looking To Understand: The Coupling Between Speakers' and Listeners' Eye Movements and Its Relationship to Discourse Comprehension,Original Article
717,Rick Dale,"Department of Psychology, Cornell University",0,Looking To Understand: The Coupling Between Speakers' and Listeners' Eye Movements and Its Relationship to Discourse Comprehension,Original Article
718,Levi B. Larkey,"Computer and Computational Sciences Division, Los Alamos National Laboratory",1,Processes of Similarity Judgment,Original Article
718,Arthur B. Markman,"Department of Psychology, The University of Texas at Austin",0,Processes of Similarity Judgment,Original Article
719,Gregory Kuhnmünch,"Department of Psychology, University of Freiburg, Germany",1,Distinguishing Between Causes and Enabling Conditions—Through Mental Models or Linguistic Cues?,Original Article
719,Sieghard Beller,"Department of Psychology, University of Freiburg, Germany",1,Distinguishing Between Causes and Enabling Conditions—Through Mental Models or Linguistic Cues?,Original Article
724,Thomas T. Hills,"Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Indiana University",1,Animal Foraging and the Evolution of Goal-Directed Cognition,Original Article
725,Michael P. Kaschak,"Department of Psychology, Florida State University",1,Idiomatic Syntactic Constructions and Language Learning,Original Article
725,Jenny R. Saffran,"Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin—Madison",0,Idiomatic Syntactic Constructions and Language Learning,Original Article
726,Jarrod Moss,"Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University",1,The Role of Functionality in the Mental Representations of Engineering Students: Some Differences in the Early Stages of Expertise,Original Article
726,"Kenneth Kotovsky,","Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University",0,The Role of Functionality in the Mental Representations of Engineering Students: Some Differences in the Early Stages of Expertise,Original Article
726,Jonathan Cagan,"Department of Mechanical Engineering, Carnegie Mellon University",0,The Role of Functionality in the Mental Representations of Engineering Students: Some Differences in the Early Stages of Expertise,Original Article
727,Louise Connell,"Cognition & Communication Research Centre, Division of Psychology, Northumbria University",1,A Model of Plausibility,Original Article
727,Mark T. Keane,"School of Computer Science and Informatics, University College Dublin",0,A Model of Plausibility,Original Article
728,Joyca P. W. Lacroix,"IKAT/Department of Computer Science, Universiteit Maastricht, The Netherlands",1,Modeling Recognition Memory Using the Similarity Structure of Natural Input,Original Article
728,"Jaap M. J. Murre,","IKAT/Department of Computer Science, Universiteit Maastricht, The Netherlands",0,Modeling Recognition Memory Using the Similarity Structure of Natural Input,Original Article
728,"Eric O. Postma,","IKAT/Department of Computer Science, Universiteit Maastricht, The Netherlands",0,Modeling Recognition Memory Using the Similarity Structure of Natural Input,Original Article
728,H. Jaap van den Herik,"IKAT/Department of Computer Science, Universiteit Maastricht, The Netherlands",0,Modeling Recognition Memory Using the Similarity Structure of Natural Input,Original Article
729,Tibor Bosse,"Department of Artificial Intelligence, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, The Netherlands",1,Formalization and Analysis of Reasoning by Assumption,Original Article
729,"Catholijn M. Jonker,","Nijmegen Institute for Cognition and Information, Radboud Universiteit Nijmegen, The Netherlands",0,Formalization and Analysis of Reasoning by Assumption,Original Article
729,Jan Treur,"Department of Artificial Intelligence, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, The Netherlands",0,Formalization and Analysis of Reasoning by Assumption,Original Article
730,Brian McElree,"Psychology Department, New York University",1,Deferred Interpretations: Why Starting Dickens is Taxing but Reading Dickens Isn't,Original Article
730,"Steven Frisson,","Psychology Department, New York University",0,Deferred Interpretations: Why Starting Dickens is Taxing but Reading Dickens Isn't,Original Article
730,Martin J. Pickering,"Psychology Department, University of Edinburgh",0,Deferred Interpretations: Why Starting Dickens is Taxing but Reading Dickens Isn't,Original Article
731,Jeffrey T. Runner,"University of Rochester, Department of Linguistics and University of Rochester, Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences",1,Processing Reflexives and Pronouns in Picture Noun Phrase,Original Article
731,"Rachel S. Sussman,","University of Rochester, Department of Linguistics and University of Rochester, Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences",0,Processing Reflexives and Pronouns in Picture Noun Phrase,Original Article
731,Michael K. Tanenhaus,"University of Rochester, Department of Linguistics and University of Rochester, Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences",0,Processing Reflexives and Pronouns in Picture Noun Phrase,Original Article
732,Sverker Sikström,"Lund University Cognitive Science (LUCS), Lund University",1,"The Isolation, Primacy, and Recency Effects Predicted by an Adaptive LTD/LTP Threshold in Postsynaptic Cells",Original Article
733,Daniel Freudenthal,"School of Psychology, University of Liverpool",1,Modeling the Development of Children's Use of Optional Infinitives in Dutch and English Using MOSAIC,Original Article
733,"Julian M. Pine,","School of Psychology, University of Liverpool",0,Modeling the Development of Children's Use of Optional Infinitives in Dutch and English Using MOSAIC,Original Article
733,Fernand Gobet,"School of Social Sciences and Law, Brunel University",0,Modeling the Development of Children's Use of Optional Infinitives in Dutch and English Using MOSAIC,Original Article
734,"Karen Stevens Dagerman,","Department of Psychiatry and the Behavioral Sciences, University of Southern California",0,Aging and the Use of Context in Ambiguity Resolution: Complex Changes From Simple Slowing,Original Article
734,Maryellen C. MacDonald,"Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin-Madison",1,Aging and the Use of Context in Ambiguity Resolution: Complex Changes From Simple Slowing,Original Article
734,Michael W. Harm,"Information Resources and Technology, Stanford University",0,Aging and the Use of Context in Ambiguity Resolution: Complex Changes From Simple Slowing,Original Article
735,Bongrae Seok,"Department of Humanities, Alvernia College",1,Diversity and Unity of Modularity,Original Article
736,Takahiko Masuda,"Department of Psychology, University of Alberta",1,Culture and Change Blindness,Original Article
736,Richard E. Nisbett,"Department of Psychology, University of Michigan",0,Culture and Change Blindness,Original Article
737,Michael D. Lee,"Department of Cognitive Sciences, University of California, Irvine",1,A Hierarchical Bayesian Model of Human Decision-Making on an Optimal Stopping Problem,Original Article
738,Rafael E. Núñez,"Department of Cognitive Science, University of California at San Diego",1,With the Future Behind Them: Convergent Evidence From Aymara Language and Gesture in the Crosslinguistic Comparison of Spatial Construals of Time,Original Article
738,Eve Sweetser,"Department of Linguistics, University of California at Berkeley",0,With the Future Behind Them: Convergent Evidence From Aymara Language and Gesture in the Crosslinguistic Comparison of Spatial Construals of Time,Original Article
739,Holger Mitterer,"Unversiteit Maastricht, Faculty of Psychology, Department of Cognitive Neuroscience",1,The Recognition of Phonologically Assimilated Words Does Not Depend on Specific Language Experience,Original Article
739,"Valéria Csépe,","Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Department of Psychophysiology, Research Group of Developmental Psychophysiology",0,The Recognition of Phonologically Assimilated Words Does Not Depend on Specific Language Experience,Original Article
739,"Ferenc Honbolygo,","Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Department of Psychophysiology, Research Group of Developmental Psychophysiology",0,The Recognition of Phonologically Assimilated Words Does Not Depend on Specific Language Experience,Original Article
739,Leo Blomert,"Unversiteit Maastricht, Faculty of Psychology, Department of Cognitive Neuroscience",0,The Recognition of Phonologically Assimilated Words Does Not Depend on Specific Language Experience,Original Article
740,Pia Knoeferle,"Computational Linguistics, Saarland University, Germany",1,"The Coordinated Interplay of Scene, Utterance, and World Knowledge: Evidence From Eye Tracking",Original Article
740,Matthew W. Crocker,"Computational Linguistics, Saarland University, Germany",0,"The Coordinated Interplay of Scene, Utterance, and World Knowledge: Evidence From Eye Tracking",Original Article
741,Ara Norenzayan,"Department of Psychology, University of British Columbia",1,Memory and Mystery: The Cultural Selection of Minimally Counterintuitive Narratives,Original Article
741,"Scott Atran,","Institut Jean Nicod, CNRS, Paris and Institute for Social Research, The University of Michigan, Ann Arbor",0,Memory and Mystery: The Cultural Selection of Minimally Counterintuitive Narratives,Original Article
741,"Jason Faulkner,","Department of Psychology, University of British Columbia",0,Memory and Mystery: The Cultural Selection of Minimally Counterintuitive Narratives,Original Article
741,Mark Schaller,"Department of Psychology, University of British Columbia",0,Memory and Mystery: The Cultural Selection of Minimally Counterintuitive Narratives,Original Article
742,Julie Heiser,"Department of Psychology, Stanford University2",1,Arrows in Comprehending and Producing Mechanical Diagrams,Original Article
742,Barbara Tversky,"Department of Psychology, Stanford University2",0,Arrows in Comprehending and Producing Mechanical Diagrams,Original Article
743,"Abninder Litt,","School of Computer Science, University of Waterloo",0,Is the Brain a Quantum Computer?,Original Article
743,"Chris Eliasmith,","Department of Philosophy, University of Waterloo",0,Is the Brain a Quantum Computer?,Original Article
743,"Frederick W. Kroon,","School of Computer Science, University of Waterloo",0,Is the Brain a Quantum Computer?,Original Article
743,"Steven Weinstein,","Department of Philosophy, University of Waterloo",0,Is the Brain a Quantum Computer?,Original Article
743,Paul Thagard,"School of Computer Science, University of Waterloo",1,Is the Brain a Quantum Computer?,Original Article
745,Dedre Gentner,Northwestern University,1,"Relations, Objects, and the Composition of Analogies",Original Article
745,Kenneth J. Kurtz,State University of New York at Binghamton,0,"Relations, Objects, and the Composition of Analogies",Original Article
746,John Hale,"Department of Linguistics and Germanic, Slavic, Asian and African Languages, Michigan State University",1,Uncertainty About the Rest of the Sentence,Original Article
747,Angelo Cangelosi,"Adoptive Behaviour and Cognition Research Group, University of Plymouth",1,An Embodied Model for Sensorimotor Grounding and Grounding Transfer: Experiments With Epigenetic Robots,Original Article
747,Thomas Riga,Aitek SpA: Information and Communication Technologies,0,An Embodied Model for Sensorimotor Grounding and Grounding Transfer: Experiments With Epigenetic Robots,Original Article
748,Guy Politzer,"Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Institut Jean-Nicod, Paris, France",1,The Interpretation of Classically Quantified Sentences: A Set-Theoretic Approach,Original Article
748,"Jean-Baptiste Van der Henst,","Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Institut des Sciences Cognitives, Lyon, France",0,The Interpretation of Classically Quantified Sentences: A Set-Theoretic Approach,Original Article
748,"Claire Delle Luche,","Université Lyon II, France",0,The Interpretation of Classically Quantified Sentences: A Set-Theoretic Approach,Original Article
748,Ira A. Noveck,"Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Institut des Sciences Cognitives, Lyon, France",0,The Interpretation of Classically Quantified Sentences: A Set-Theoretic Approach,Original Article
749,Geoffrey Hinton,"Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto",1,Unsupervised Discovery of Nonlinear Structure Using Contrastive Backpropagation,Original Article
749,"Simon Osindero,","Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto",0,Unsupervised Discovery of Nonlinear Structure Using Contrastive Backpropagation,Original Article
749,"Max Welling,","Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto",0,Unsupervised Discovery of Nonlinear Structure Using Contrastive Backpropagation,Original Article
749,Yee-Whye Teh,"Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto",0,Unsupervised Discovery of Nonlinear Structure Using Contrastive Backpropagation,Original Article
750,Michael P. Kaschak,"Department of Psychology, Florida State University",1,Perception of Auditory Motion Affects Language Processing,Original Article
750,"Rolf A. Zwaan,","Department of Psychology, Florida State University",0,Perception of Auditory Motion Affects Language Processing,Original Article
750,"Mark Aveyard,","Department of Psychology, Florida State University",0,Perception of Auditory Motion Affects Language Processing,Original Article
750,Richard H. Yaxley,"Department of Psychology, Florida State University",0,Perception of Auditory Motion Affects Language Processing,Original Article
751,"Ana Torralbo,","Departamento de Metodología, Universidad Autonoma de Madrid, Spain",0,Flexible Conceptual Projection of Time Onto Spatial Frames of Reference,Original Article
751,Julio Santiago,"Dept. de Psicología Experimental y Fisiología del Comportamiento, Universidad de Granada, Spain",1,Flexible Conceptual Projection of Time Onto Spatial Frames of Reference,Original Article
751,Juan Lupiáñez,"Dept. de Psicología Experimental y Fisiología del Comportamiento, Universidad de Granada, Spain",0,Flexible Conceptual Projection of Time Onto Spatial Frames of Reference,Original Article
752,Lisa K. Son,"Department of Psychology, Barnard College",1,Metacognitive Control and Optimal Learning,Original Article
752,Rajiv Sethi,"Department of Psychology, Barnard College",0,Metacognitive Control and Optimal Learning,Original Article
753,nan,NaN,0,Introduction to the 2005 Rumelhart Prize Special Issue Honoring Paul Smolensky,Original Article
754,Paul Smolensky,"Cognitive Science Department, Johns Hopkins University",1,Harmony in Linguistic Cognition,Original Article
755,Géraldine Legendre,"Department of Cognitive Science, Johns Hopkins University",1,Early Child Grammars: Qualitative and Quantitative Analysis of Morphosyntactic Production,Original Article
756,Lisa Davidson,"Department of Linguistics, New York University",1,Phonotactics and Articulatory Coordination Interact in Phonology: Evidence from Nonnative Production,Original Article
757,Bruce Tesar,"Department of Linguistics, Rutgers University",1,Faithful Contrastive Features in Learning,Original Article
758,Adamantios I. Gafos,"Department of Linguistics, New York University and Haskins Laboratories, New Haven, Connecticut",1,Dynamics of Phonological Cognition,Original Article
758,Stefan Benus,"Department of Computer Science, Columbia University",0,Dynamics of Phonological Cognition,Original Article
759,Colin Wilson,"Department of Linguistics, UCLA",1,Learning Phonology With Substantive Bias: An Experimental and Computational Study of Velar Palatalization,Original Article
760,Robert L. Goldstone,"Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Indiana University",1,The Import and Export of Cognitive Science,Original Article
760,Loet Leydesdorff,"Amsterdam School of Communications Research (ASCoR), University of Amsterdam",0,The Import and Export of Cognitive Science,Original Article
761,Kirsten Abbot-Smith,"Psychology, Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology",1,How Known Constructions Influence the Acquisition of Other Constructions: The German Passive and Future Constructions,Original Article
761,Heike Behrens,"Department of English and German Linguistics, University of Basel",0,How Known Constructions Influence the Acquisition of Other Constructions: The German Passive and Future Constructions,Original Article
762,Danielle E. Matthews,"School of Psychological Sciences, University of Manchester, United Kingdom",1,"Errors of Omission in English-Speaking Children's Production of Plurals and the Past Tense: The Effects of Frequency, Phonology, and Competition",Original Article
762,Anna L. Theakston,"School of Psychological Sciences, University of Manchester, United Kingdom",0,"Errors of Omission in English-Speaking Children's Production of Plurals and the Past Tense: The Effects of Frequency, Phonology, and Competition",Original Article
763,"Roger Johansson,","Department of Cognitive Science, Lund University",0,"Pictures and Spoken Descriptions Elicit Similar Eye Movements During Mental Imagery, Both in Light and in Complete Darkness",Original Article
763,"Jana Holsanova,","Department of Cognitive Science, Lund University",0,"Pictures and Spoken Descriptions Elicit Similar Eye Movements During Mental Imagery, Both in Light and in Complete Darkness",Original Article
763,Kenneth Holmqvist,"Department of Cognitive Science, Lund University",1,"Pictures and Spoken Descriptions Elicit Similar Eye Movements During Mental Imagery, Both in Light and in Complete Darkness",Original Article
764,Michael D. Lee,"Department of Cognitive Sciences, University of California, Irvine",1,Decision Making and Confidence Given Uncertain Advice,Original Article
764,Matthew J. Dry,"School of Psychology, University of Adelaide",0,Decision Making and Confidence Given Uncertain Advice,Original Article
765,Kristin L. Borreggine,"Department of Psychology, Florida State University",1,The Action–Sentence Compatibility Effect: It's All in the Timing,Original Article
765,Michael P. Kaschak,"Department of Psychology, Florida State University",0,The Action–Sentence Compatibility Effect: It's All in the Timing,Original Article
766,James M. McQueen,"Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics, Nijmegen, The Netherlands",1,Phonological Abstraction in the Mental Lexicon,Original Article
766,"Anne Cutler,","Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics, Nijmegen, The Netherlands",0,Phonological Abstraction in the Mental Lexicon,Original Article
766,Dennis Norris,"MRC Cognition and Brain Sciences Unit, Cambridge, UK",0,Phonological Abstraction in the Mental Lexicon,Original Article
779,Peter Gorniak,NaN,0,Situated Language Understanding as Filtering Perceived Affordances,Extended Article
779,"Deb RoyMIT Media Laboratory, Cambridge, Massachusetts",NaN,0,Situated Language Understanding as Filtering Perceived Affordances,Extended Article
780,Michael R. Waldmann,NaN,0,Combining Versus Analyzing Multiple Causes: How Domain Assumptions and Task Context Affect Integration Rules,Regular Article
781,Terry Dartnall,NaN,0,"Internalism, Active Externalism, and Nonconceptual Content: The Ins and Outs of Cognition",Regular Article
782,Patrick G. T. Healey,NaN,0,Graphical Language Games: Interactional Constraints on Representational Form,Regular Article
782,"Nik Swoboda,CLIP Research Group, Departamento de Inteligencia Artificial, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid",NaN,0,Graphical Language Games: Interactional Constraints on Representational Form,Regular Article
782,"Ichiro Umata,Visual Communication Research Group, ATR Media Information Science Laboratories, Kyoto, Japan",NaN,0,Graphical Language Games: Interactional Constraints on Representational Form,Regular Article
782,"James KingInteraction, Media and Communication Research Group, Department of Computer Science, Queen Mary, University of London",NaN,0,Graphical Language Games: Interactional Constraints on Representational Form,Regular Article
783,Daniel Freudenthal,NaN,0,"Modeling the Developmental Patterning of Finiteness Marking in English, Dutch, German, and Spanish Using MOSAIC",Regular Article
783,"Julian M. Pine,School of Psychology, University of Liverpool",NaN,0,"Modeling the Developmental Patterning of Finiteness Marking in English, Dutch, German, and Spanish Using MOSAIC",Regular Article
783,"Javier Aguado-Orea,School of Psychology, University of Liverpool",NaN,0,"Modeling the Developmental Patterning of Finiteness Marking in English, Dutch, German, and Spanish Using MOSAIC",Regular Article
783,"Fernand GobetSchool of Social Sciences and Law, Brunel University",NaN,0,"Modeling the Developmental Patterning of Finiteness Marking in English, Dutch, German, and Spanish Using MOSAIC",Regular Article
784,Josep Demestre,NaN,0,ERP Evidence for the Rapid Assignment of an (Appropriate) Antecedent to PRO,Brief Report
784,"José E. García-AlbeaDepartament de Psicologia, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Tarragona, Spain",NaN,0,ERP Evidence for the Rapid Assignment of an (Appropriate) Antecedent to PRO,Brief Report
785,James A. Hampton,NaN,0,"Typicality, Graded Membership, and Vagueness",Extended Article
786,Mutsumi Imai,NaN,0,Language-Relative Construal of Individuation Constrained by Universal Ontology: Revisiting Language Universals and Linguistic Relativity,Regular Article
786,"Reiko MazukaDuke University, RIKEN Brain Institute",NaN,0,Language-Relative Construal of Individuation Constrained by Universal Ontology: Revisiting Language Universals and Linguistic Relativity,Regular Article
787,M. Afzal Upala,NaN,0,Contextualizing Counterintuitiveness: How Context Affects Comprehension and Memorability of Counterintuitive Concepts,Regular Article
787,"Lauren O. Gonce,Psychology Department, Bowling Green State University",NaN,0,Contextualizing Counterintuitiveness: How Context Affects Comprehension and Memorability of Counterintuitive Concepts,Regular Article
787,"Ryan D. Tweney,Psychology Department, Bowling Green State University",NaN,0,Contextualizing Counterintuitiveness: How Context Affects Comprehension and Memorability of Counterintuitive Concepts,Regular Article
787,"D. Jason SloneReligious Studies Department, Webster University",NaN,0,Contextualizing Counterintuitiveness: How Context Affects Comprehension and Memorability of Counterintuitive Concepts,Regular Article
788,Thomas L. Griffiths,NaN,0,Language Evolution by Iterated Learning With Bayesian Agents,Regular Article
788,"Michael L. KalishUniversity of Louisiana, Lafayette",NaN,0,Language Evolution by Iterated Learning With Bayesian Agents,Regular Article
789,Jill Lany,NaN,0,The Role of Prior Experience in Language Acquisition,Regular Article
789,"Rebecca L. Gómez,Department of Psychology, The University of Arizona, Tucson",NaN,0,The Role of Prior Experience in Language Acquisition,Regular Article
789,"Lou Ann GerkenDepartment of Psychology, The University of Arizona, Tucson",NaN,0,The Role of Prior Experience in Language Acquisition,Regular Article
790,Richard P. Cooper,NaN,0,The Role of Falsification in the Development of Cognitive Architectures: Insights from a Lakatosian Analysis,Regular Article
791,Henry Markovits,NaN,0,What Makes People Revise Their Beliefs Following Contradictory Anecdotal Evidence?: The Role of Systemic Variability and Direct Experience,Brief Report
791,"Christophe SchmeltzerUniversité de Toulouse 2 – Le Mirail, France",NaN,0,What Makes People Revise Their Beliefs Following Contradictory Anecdotal Evidence?: The Role of Systemic Variability and Direct Experience,Brief Report
792,Maria Kozhevnikov,NaN,0,Spatial Visualization in Physics Problem Solving,Extended Article
792,"Michael A. Motes,University of Texas at Dallas",NaN,0,Spatial Visualization in Physics Problem Solving,Extended Article
792,"Mary HegartyUniversity of California, Santa Barbara",NaN,0,Spatial Visualization in Physics Problem Solving,Extended Article
793,Ping Li,NaN,0,Dynamic Self-Organization and Early Lexical Development in Children,Regular Article
793,"Xiaowei Zhao,University of Richmond, Virginia",NaN,0,Dynamic Self-Organization and Early Lexical Development in Children,Regular Article
793,"Brian Mac WhinneyCarnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania",NaN,0,Dynamic Self-Organization and Early Lexical Development in Children,Regular Article
794,Jeremy R. Reynolds,NaN,0,A Computational Model of Event Segmentation From Perceptual Prediction,Regular Article
794,"*Department of Psychology, University of Colorado, Boulder, CO, USAJeffrey M. Zacks,Departments of Psychology and Radiology, Washington University",NaN,0,A Computational Model of Event Segmentation From Perceptual Prediction,Regular Article
794,"Todd S. BraverDepartments of Psychology and Radiology, Washington University",NaN,0,A Computational Model of Event Segmentation From Perceptual Prediction,Regular Article
795,"Yaron Silberman,Department of Psychology and Interdisciplinary Center for Neural Computation, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem",NaN,0,Semantic Boost on Episodic Associations: An Empirically-Based Computational Model,Regular Article
795,"Shlomo Bentin,Department of Psychology and Interdisciplinary Center for Neural Computation, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem",NaN,0,Semantic Boost on Episodic Associations: An Empirically-Based Computational Model,Regular Article
795,Risto Miikkulainen,NaN,0,Semantic Boost on Episodic Associations: An Empirically-Based Computational Model,Regular Article
796,John A. Bullinaria,NaN,0,Understanding the Emergence of Modularity in Neural Systems,Regular Article
797,Michael C. Corballis,NaN,0,"Recursion, Language, and Starlings",Brief Report
798,Terry Regier,NaN,0,Attention to Endpoints: A Cross-Linguistic Constraint on Spatial Meaning,Brief Report
798,Mingyu ZhengUniversity of Chicago,NaN,0,Attention to Endpoints: A Cross-Linguistic Constraint on Spatial Meaning,Brief Report
799,"Nicole L. Wilson,University of California, Santa Cruz",NaN,0,Real and Imagined Body Movement Primes Metaphor Comprehension,Brief Report
799,Raymond W. Gibbs Jr.,NaN,0,Real and Imagined Body Movement Primes Metaphor Comprehension,Brief Report
800,Benjamin K. Bergen,NaN,0,Spatial and Linguistic Aspects of Visual Imagery in Sentence Comprehension,Extended Article
800,"Shane Lindsay,Department of Psychology, University of Sussex",NaN,0,Spatial and Linguistic Aspects of Visual Imagery in Sentence Comprehension,Extended Article
800,"Teenie Matlock,Department of Cognitive Science, University of California at Merced",NaN,0,Spatial and Linguistic Aspects of Visual Imagery in Sentence Comprehension,Extended Article
800,"Srini NarayananInternational Computer Science Institute, Berkeley, California",NaN,0,Spatial and Linguistic Aspects of Visual Imagery in Sentence Comprehension,Extended Article
801,Masasi Hattori,NaN,0,Adaptive Non-Interventional Heuristics for Covariation Detection in Causal Induction: Model Comparison and Rational Analysis,Extended Article
801,"Mike OaksfordSchool of Psychology, Birkbeck College London",NaN,0,Adaptive Non-Interventional Heuristics for Covariation Detection in Causal Induction: Model Comparison and Rational Analysis,Extended Article
802,Richard Alterman,NaN,0,"Representation, Interaction, and Intersubjectivity",Regular Article
803,Susan Bell Trickett,NaN,0,“What if…”: The Use of Conceptual Simulations in Scientific Reasoning,Regular Article
803,"J. Gregory TraftonNaval Research Laboratory, Washington, DC",NaN,0,“What if…”: The Use of Conceptual Simulations in Scientific Reasoning,Regular Article
804,"Yun Xu,Department of Computer Science, University of Massachusetts at Boston",NaN,0,Mapping the Color Space of Saccadic Selectivity in Visual Search,Brief Report
804,"Emily C. Higgins,Department of Computer Science, University of Massachusetts at Boston",NaN,0,Mapping the Color Space of Saccadic Selectivity in Visual Search,Brief Report
804,"Mei Xiao,Department of Computer Science, University of Massachusetts at Boston",NaN,0,Mapping the Color Space of Saccadic Selectivity in Visual Search,Brief Report
804,Marc Pomplun,NaN,0,Mapping the Color Space of Saccadic Selectivity in Visual Search,Brief Report
805,Thomas A. Farmer,NaN,0,Tracking the Continuity of Language Comprehension: Computer Mouse Trajectories Suggest Parallel Syntactic Processing,Brief Report
805,"Sarah A. Cargill,Department of Psychology, Cornell University",NaN,0,Tracking the Continuity of Language Comprehension: Computer Mouse Trajectories Suggest Parallel Syntactic Processing,Brief Report
805,"Nicholas C. Hindy,Department of Psychology, Cornell University",NaN,0,Tracking the Continuity of Language Comprehension: Computer Mouse Trajectories Suggest Parallel Syntactic Processing,Brief Report
805,"Rick Dale,University of Memphis",NaN,0,Tracking the Continuity of Language Comprehension: Computer Mouse Trajectories Suggest Parallel Syntactic Processing,Brief Report
805,"Michael J. SpiveyDepartment of Psychology, Cornell University",NaN,0,Tracking the Continuity of Language Comprehension: Computer Mouse Trajectories Suggest Parallel Syntactic Processing,Brief Report
806,Caroline Michel,NaN,0,Race Categorization Modulates Holistic Face Encoding,Brief Report
806,"Olivier Corneille,Unité de Psychologie Sociale et des Organisations, Université Catholique de Louvain, Belgium",NaN,0,Race Categorization Modulates Holistic Face Encoding,Brief Report
806,"Bruno RossionUnité Cognition et Développement & Laboratoire de Neurophysiologie, Université Catholique de Louvain, Belgium",NaN,0,Race Categorization Modulates Holistic Face Encoding,Brief Report
807,Michael Ramscar,NaN,0,Linguistic Self-Correction in the Absence of Feedback: A New Approach to the Logical Problem of Language Acquisition,Regular Article
807,"Daniel YarlettDepartment of Psychology, Stanford University",NaN,0,Linguistic Self-Correction in the Absence of Feedback: A New Approach to the Logical Problem of Language Acquisition,Regular Article
808,Simon Garrod,NaN,0,Foundations of Representation: Where Might Graphical Symbol Systems Come From?,Regular Article
808,"Nicolas Fay,Department of Psychology, University of Western Australia, AustraliaATR Media Information Science Labs, Japan",NaN,0,Foundations of Representation: Where Might Graphical Symbol Systems Come From?,Regular Article
808,"John Lee,School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh, Scotland",NaN,0,Foundations of Representation: Where Might Graphical Symbol Systems Come From?,Regular Article
808,"Jon Oberlander,School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh, Scotland",NaN,0,Foundations of Representation: Where Might Graphical Symbol Systems Come From?,Regular Article
808,"Tracy MacLeodDepartment of Psychology, University of Glasgow, Scotland",NaN,0,Foundations of Representation: Where Might Graphical Symbol Systems Come From?,Regular Article
809,Alexandre Linhares,NaN,0,Understanding Our Understanding of Strategic Scenarios: What Role Do Chunks Play?,Regular Article
809,"Paulo BrumEBAPE/FGV, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil",NaN,0,Understanding Our Understanding of Strategic Scenarios: What Role Do Chunks Play?,Regular Article
810,Sean Duffy,NaN,0,Mnemonic Context Effect in Two Cultures: Attention to Memory Representations?,Brief Report
810,"Shinobu KitayamaDepartment of Psychology, University of Michigan",NaN,0,Mnemonic Context Effect in Two Cultures: Attention to Memory Representations?,Brief Report
811,Keith Rayner,NaN,0,Extending the E-Z Reader Model of Eye Movement Control to Chinese Readers,Brief Report
811,"Xingshan Li,Department of Psychology, University of Massachusetts, Amherst",NaN,0,Extending the E-Z Reader Model of Eye Movement Control to Chinese Readers,Brief Report
811,"Alexander PollatsekDepartment of Psychology, University of Massachusetts, Amherst",NaN,0,Extending the E-Z Reader Model of Eye Movement Control to Chinese Readers,Brief Report
812,Stuart R. Hameroff,NaN,0,The Brain Is Both Neurocomputer and Quantum Computer,Brief Report
814,Roger N. Shepard,NaN,0,"The Step to Rationality: The Efficacy of Thought Experiments in Science, Ethics, and Free Will",Regular Article
815,Nick Chater,NaN,0,From Universal Laws of Cognition to Specific Cognitive Models,Regular Article
815,"Gordon D. A. BrownDepartment of Psychology, University of Warwick",NaN,0,From Universal Laws of Cognition to Specific Cognitive Models,Regular Article
816,Thomas L. Griffiths,NaN,0,Using Category Structures to Test Iterated Learning as a Method for Identifying Inductive Biases,Regular Article
816,"Brian R. Christian,Department of English, University of Washington",NaN,0,Using Category Structures to Test Iterated Learning as a Method for Identifying Inductive Biases,Regular Article
816,"Michael L. KalishInstitute of Cognitive Science, University of Louisiana at Lafayette",NaN,0,Using Category Structures to Test Iterated Learning as a Method for Identifying Inductive Biases,Regular Article
817,Noah D. Goodman,NaN,0,A Rational Analysis of Rule-Based Concept Learning,Regular Article
817,"Joshua B. Tenenbaum,Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology",NaN,0,A Rational Analysis of Rule-Based Concept Learning,Regular Article
817,"Jacob Feldman,Department of Psychology, Rutgers University",NaN,0,A Rational Analysis of Rule-Based Concept Learning,Regular Article
817,"Thomas L. GriffithsDepartment of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,A Rational Analysis of Rule-Based Concept Learning,Regular Article
818,Wai-Tat Fu,NaN,0,Is a Single-Bladed Knife Enough to Dissect Human Cognition? Commentary on Griffiths et al.,Commentary
819,Magda Osman,NaN,0,Observation Can Be as Effective as Action in Problem Solving,Regular Article
820,Luca Onnis,NaN,0,Lexical Categories at the Edge of the Word,Regular Article
820,"Morten H. ChristiansenDepartment of Psychology, Cornell University",NaN,0,Lexical Categories at the Edge of the Word,Regular Article
821,Ben Ambridge,NaN,0,Is Structure Dependence an Innate Constraint? New Experimental Evidence From Children's Complex-Question Production,Regular Article
821,"Caroline F. Rowland,Department of Psychology, University of Liverpool, UK",NaN,0,Is Structure Dependence an Innate Constraint? New Experimental Evidence From Children's Complex-Question Production,Regular Article
821,"Julian M. PineDepartment of Psychology, University of Liverpool, UK",NaN,0,Is Structure Dependence an Innate Constraint? New Experimental Evidence From Children's Complex-Question Production,Regular Article
822,Frank C. Keil,NaN,0,Discerning the Division of Cognitive Labor: An Emerging Understanding of How Knowledge Is Clustered in Other Minds,Extended Article
822,"Courtney Stein,Department of Psychological & Brain Sciences, Dartmouth College",NaN,0,Discerning the Division of Cognitive Labor: An Emerging Understanding of How Knowledge Is Clustered in Other Minds,Extended Article
822,"Lisa Webb,Department of Psychology, Yale University",NaN,0,Discerning the Division of Cognitive Labor: An Emerging Understanding of How Knowledge Is Clustered in Other Minds,Extended Article
822,"Van Dyke Billings,New Haven Public Schools",NaN,0,Discerning the Division of Cognitive Labor: An Emerging Understanding of How Knowledge Is Clustered in Other Minds,Extended Article
822,"Leonid RozenblitDepartment of Psychology, Yale University",NaN,0,Discerning the Division of Cognitive Labor: An Emerging Understanding of How Knowledge Is Clustered in Other Minds,Extended Article
823,Michelene T. H. Chi,NaN,0,Observing Tutorial Dialogues Collaboratively: Insights About Human Tutoring Effectiveness From Vicarious Learning,Extended Article
823,"Marguerite Roy,Learning Research and Development Center, University of Pittsburgh",NaN,0,Observing Tutorial Dialogues Collaboratively: Insights About Human Tutoring Effectiveness From Vicarious Learning,Extended Article
823,"Robert G. M. HausmannLearning Research and Development Center, University of Pittsburgh",NaN,0,Observing Tutorial Dialogues Collaboratively: Insights About Human Tutoring Effectiveness From Vicarious Learning,Extended Article
824,Vladimir M. Sloutsky,NaN,0,The Role of Words and Sounds in Infants' Visual Processing: From Overshadowing to Attentional Tuning,Regular Article
824,"Christopher W. RobinsonThe Ohio State University, Center for Cognitive Science",NaN,0,The Role of Words and Sounds in Infants' Visual Processing: From Overshadowing to Attentional Tuning,Regular Article
825,Kenneth R. Koedinger,NaN,0,Trade-Offs Between Grounded and Abstract Representations: Evidence From Algebra Problem Solving,Regular Article
825,"Martha W. Alibali,Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin-Madison",NaN,0,Trade-Offs Between Grounded and Abstract Representations: Evidence From Algebra Problem Solving,Regular Article
825,"Mitchell J. NathanDepartment of Educational Psychology, University of Wisconsin-Madison",NaN,0,Trade-Offs Between Grounded and Abstract Representations: Evidence From Algebra Problem Solving,Regular Article
826,Daniel Mirman,NaN,0,Effects of Attention on the Strength of Lexical Influences on Speech Perception: Behavioral Experiments and Computational Mechanisms,Regular Article
826,"James L. McClelland,Department of Psychology and Center for Mind, Brain, and Computation, Stanford University",NaN,0,Effects of Attention on the Strength of Lexical Influences on Speech Perception: Behavioral Experiments and Computational Mechanisms,Regular Article
826,"Lori L. Holt,Department of Psychology and Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition, Carnegie Mellon University",NaN,0,Effects of Attention on the Strength of Lexical Influences on Speech Perception: Behavioral Experiments and Computational Mechanisms,Regular Article
826,"James S. MagnusonDepartment of Psychology, University of Connecticut, and Haskins Laboratories",NaN,0,Effects of Attention on the Strength of Lexical Influences on Speech Perception: Behavioral Experiments and Computational Mechanisms,Regular Article
827,David Temperley,NaN,0,A Probabilistic Model of Melody Perception,Regular Article
828,Richard W. Prather,NaN,0,Understanding and Using Principles of Arithmetic: Operations Involving Negative Numbers,Brief Report
828,"Martha W. AlibaliDepartment of Psychology, University of Wisconsin-Madison",NaN,0,Understanding and Using Principles of Arithmetic: Operations Involving Negative Numbers,Brief Report
829,Mark A. Changizi,NaN,0,Perceiving the Present and a Systematization of Illusions,Extended Article
829,"Andrew Hsieh,Department of Biology, California Institute of Technology",NaN,0,Perceiving the Present and a Systematization of Illusions,Extended Article
829,"Romi Nijhawan,Department of Psychology, University of Sussex",NaN,0,Perceiving the Present and a Systematization of Illusions,Extended Article
829,"Ryota Kanai,Department of Biology, California Institute of Technology",NaN,0,Perceiving the Present and a Systematization of Illusions,Extended Article
829,"Shinsuke ShimojoDepartment of Biology, California Institute of Technology",NaN,0,Perceiving the Present and a Systematization of Illusions,Extended Article
830,Ralf Möller,NaN,0,Bootstrapping Cognition from Behavior—A Computerized Thought Experiment,Extended Article
830,"Wolfram SchenckComputer Engineering Group, Faculty of Technology, Bielefeld University",NaN,0,Bootstrapping Cognition from Behavior—A Computerized Thought Experiment,Extended Article
831,Jessica Maye,NaN,0,The Weckud Wetch of the Wast: Lexical Adaptation to a Novel Accent,Regular Article
831,"Richard N. Aslin,University of Rochester",NaN,0,The Weckud Wetch of the Wast: Lexical Adaptation to a Novel Accent,Regular Article
831,Michael K. TanenhausUniversity of Rochester,NaN,0,The Weckud Wetch of the Wast: Lexical Adaptation to a Novel Accent,Regular Article
832,"Ursina Teuscher,Department of Cognitive Science, University of California, San Diego",NaN,0,Congruity Effects in Time and Space: Behavioral and ERP Measures,Brief Report
832,"Marguerite McQuire,Department of Cognitive Science, University of California, San Diego",NaN,0,Congruity Effects in Time and Space: Behavioral and ERP Measures,Brief Report
832,"Jennifer Collins,Department of Cognitive Science, University of California, San Diego",NaN,0,Congruity Effects in Time and Space: Behavioral and ERP Measures,Brief Report
832,Seana Coulson,NaN,0,Congruity Effects in Time and Space: Behavioral and ERP Measures,Brief Report
833,Saskia Van Dantzig,NaN,0,Perceptual Processing Affects Conceptual Processing,Brief Report
833,"Diane Pecher,Erasmus University Rotterdam, The Netherlands",NaN,0,Perceptual Processing Affects Conceptual Processing,Brief Report
833,"René Zeelenberg,Erasmus University Rotterdam, The Netherlands",NaN,0,Perceptual Processing Affects Conceptual Processing,Brief Report
833,Lawrence W. BarsalouEmory University,NaN,0,Perceptual Processing Affects Conceptual Processing,Brief Report
834,Paul D. Siakaluk,NaN,0,The Benefits of Sensorimotor Knowledge: Body–Object Interaction Facilitates Semantic Processing,Brief Report
834,"Penny M. Pexman,University of Calgary",NaN,0,The Benefits of Sensorimotor Knowledge: Body–Object Interaction Facilitates Semantic Processing,Brief Report
834,"Christopher R. Sears,University of Calgary",NaN,0,The Benefits of Sensorimotor Knowledge: Body–Object Interaction Facilitates Semantic Processing,Brief Report
834,"Kim Wilson,University of Northern British Columbia",NaN,0,The Benefits of Sensorimotor Knowledge: Body–Object Interaction Facilitates Semantic Processing,Brief Report
834,"Keri Locheed,University of Northern British Columbia",NaN,0,The Benefits of Sensorimotor Knowledge: Body–Object Interaction Facilitates Semantic Processing,Brief Report
834,William J. OwenUniversity of Northern British Columbia,NaN,0,The Benefits of Sensorimotor Knowledge: Body–Object Interaction Facilitates Semantic Processing,Brief Report
835,Cristine H. Legare,NaN,0,"Bewitchment, Biology, or Both: The Co-Existence of Natural and Supernatural Explanatory Frameworks Across Development",Extended Article
835,"Susan A. GelmanDepartment of Psychology, University of Michigan",NaN,0,"Bewitchment, Biology, or Both: The Co-Existence of Natural and Supernatural Explanatory Frameworks Across Development",Extended Article
836,Sarah Brown-Schmidt,NaN,0,Real-Time Investigation of Referential Domains in Unscripted Conversation: A Targeted Language Game Approach,Regular Article
836,"Michael K. TanenhausDepartment of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester",NaN,0,Real-Time Investigation of Referential Domains in Unscripted Conversation: A Targeted Language Game Approach,Regular Article
837,Shravan Vasishth,NaN,0,Processing Polarity: How the Ungrammatical Intrudes on the Grammatical,Regular Article
837,"Sven Brüssow,Department of Psychology, University of Heidelberg",NaN,0,Processing Polarity: How the Ungrammatical Intrudes on the Grammatical,Regular Article
837,"Richard L. Lewis,Department of Psychology, University of Michigan",NaN,0,Processing Polarity: How the Ungrammatical Intrudes on the Grammatical,Regular Article
837,"Heiner DrenhausInstitute for Linguistics, University of Potsdam",NaN,0,Processing Polarity: How the Ungrammatical Intrudes on the Grammatical,Regular Article
838,Rita Astuti,NaN,0,Understanding Mortality and the Life of the Ancestors in Rural Madagascar,Regular Article
838,"Paul L. HarrisGraduate School of Education, Harvard University",NaN,0,Understanding Mortality and the Life of the Ancestors in Rural Madagascar,Regular Article
839,"Daragh E. Sibley,Department of Psychology, George Mason University",NaN,0,Large-Scale Modeling of Wordform Learning and Representation,Brief Report
839,Christopher T. Kello,NaN,0,Large-Scale Modeling of Wordform Learning and Representation,Brief Report
839,"David C. Plaut,Department of Psychology, Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition, Carnegie Mellon University",NaN,0,Large-Scale Modeling of Wordform Learning and Representation,Brief Report
839,"Jeffrey L. ElmanDepartment of Cognitive Science, University of California, San Diego",NaN,0,Large-Scale Modeling of Wordform Learning and Representation,Brief Report
840,Tobias Meilinger,NaN,0,Working Memory in Wayfinding—A Dual Task Experiment in a Virtual City,Brief Report
840,"Markus Knauff,Department of Psychology, Giessen University",NaN,0,Working Memory in Wayfinding—A Dual Task Experiment in a Virtual City,Brief Report
840,"Heinrich H. BülthoffMax-Planck-Institute for Biological Cybernetics, Tübingen",NaN,0,Working Memory in Wayfinding—A Dual Task Experiment in a Virtual City,Brief Report
841,Xuân-Nga Cao Kam,NaN,0,Bigrams and the Richness of the Stimulus,Brief Report
841,"Iglika Stoyneshka,PhD Program in Linguistics, The Graduate Center, City University of New York",NaN,0,Bigrams and the Richness of the Stimulus,Brief Report
841,"Lidiya Tornyova,PhD Program in Linguistics, The Graduate Center, City University of New York",NaN,0,Bigrams and the Richness of the Stimulus,Brief Report
841,"Janet D. Fodor,PhD Program in Linguistics, The Graduate Center, City University of New York",NaN,0,Bigrams and the Richness of the Stimulus,Brief Report
841,"William G. SakasPhD Program in Linguistics, The Graduate Center, City University of New YorkDepartment of Computer Science, Hunter College, The Graduate Center, City University of New YorkPhD Program in Computer Science and Linguistics, The Graduate Center, City University of New York",NaN,0,Bigrams and the Richness of the Stimulus,Brief Report
842,Afra Alishahi,NaN,0,A Computational Model of Early Argument Structure Acquisition,Extended Article
842,"Suzanne StevensonDepartment of Computer Science, University of Toronto",NaN,0,A Computational Model of Early Argument Structure Acquisition,Extended Article
843,Glenn Gunzelmann,NaN,0,Strategy Generalization Across Orientation Tasks: Testing a Computational Cognitive Model,Regular Article
844,Frank E. Ritter,NaN,0,"Modeling How, When, and What Is Learned in a Simple Fault-Finding Task",Regular Article
844,"Peter A. BibbySchool of Psychology, University of Nottingham",NaN,0,"Modeling How, When, and What Is Learned in a Simple Fault-Finding Task",Regular Article
845,Bob McMurray,NaN,0,Context Effects on Musical Chord Categorization: Different Forms of Top-Down Feedback in Speech and Music?,Regular Article
845,"Joel L. Dennhardt,Department of Psychology, University of Iowa",NaN,0,Context Effects on Musical Chord Categorization: Different Forms of Top-Down Feedback in Speech and Music?,Regular Article
845,"Andrew Struck-MarcellRoyal College of Music, London",NaN,0,Context Effects on Musical Chord Categorization: Different Forms of Top-Down Feedback in Speech and Music?,Regular Article
846,Ilaria Cutica,NaN,0,The Deep Versus the Shallow: Effects of Co-Speech Gestures in Learning From Discourse,Brief Report
846,"Monica BucciarelliDepartment of Psychology, Center for Cognitive Science, University of Turin",NaN,0,The Deep Versus the Shallow: Effects of Co-Speech Gestures in Learning From Discourse,Brief Report
848,Iris Van Rooij,NaN,0,The Tractable Cognition Thesis,Extended Article
849,"Elena Hoicka,Department of Psychology, University of California, Santa Cruz",NaN,0,"Humor, Abstraction, and Disbelief",Regular Article
849,"Sarah Jutsum,School of Psychology, Cardiff University",NaN,0,"Humor, Abstraction, and Disbelief",Regular Article
849,Merideth Gattis,NaN,0,"Humor, Abstraction, and Disbelief",Regular Article
850,Jonathan S. Herberg,NaN,0,Audience-Contingent Variation in Action Demonstrations for Humans and Computers,Regular Article
850,"Megan M. Saylor,Department of Psychology and Human Development, Vanderbilt University",NaN,0,Audience-Contingent Variation in Action Demonstrations for Humans and Computers,Regular Article
850,"Palis Ratanaswasd,Department of Psychology and Human Development, Vanderbilt University",NaN,0,Audience-Contingent Variation in Action Demonstrations for Humans and Computers,Regular Article
850,"Daniel T. Levin,Department of Psychology and Human Development, Vanderbilt University",NaN,0,Audience-Contingent Variation in Action Demonstrations for Humans and Computers,Regular Article
850,"D. Mitchell WilkesDepartment of Psychology and Human Development, Vanderbilt University",NaN,0,Audience-Contingent Variation in Action Demonstrations for Humans and Computers,Regular Article
851,Jean-Rémy Hochmann,NaN,0,Do Humans Really Learn AnBn Artificial Grammars From Exemplars?,Regular Article
851,"Mahan Azadpour,Department of Cognitive Neuroscience, International School of Advanced Studies",NaN,0,Do Humans Really Learn AnBn Artificial Grammars From Exemplars?,Regular Article
851,"Jacques MehlerDepartment of Cognitive Neuroscience, International School of Advanced Studies",NaN,0,Do Humans Really Learn AnBn Artificial Grammars From Exemplars?,Regular Article
852,Rachel McCloy,NaN,0,The Relative Success of Recognition-Based Inference in Multichoice Decisions,Brief Report
852,"C. Philip Beaman,Department of Psychology, University of Reading",NaN,0,The Relative Success of Recognition-Based Inference in Multichoice Decisions,Brief Report
852,"Philip T. SmithDepartment of Psychology, University of Reading",NaN,0,The Relative Success of Recognition-Based Inference in Multichoice Decisions,Brief Report
853,Andrew Shtulman,NaN,0,The Relation Between Essentialist Beliefs and Evolutionary Reasoning,Brief Report
853,"Laura SchulzDepartment of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology",NaN,0,The Relation Between Essentialist Beliefs and Evolutionary Reasoning,Brief Report
854,Hadas Shintel,NaN,0,Moving to the Speed of Sound: Context Modulation of the Effect of Acoustic Properties of Speech,Brief Report
854,"Howard C. NusbaumDepartment of Psychology and Center for Cognitive and Social Neuroscience, University of Chicago",NaN,0,Moving to the Speed of Sound: Context Modulation of the Effect of Acoustic Properties of Speech,Brief Report
855,Dmitrii Y. Manin,NaN,0,Zipf's Law and Avoidance of Excessive Synonymy,Extended Article
856,Madeleine Keehner,NaN,0,"Spatial Reasoning With External Visualizations: What Matters Is What You See, Not Whether You Interact",Regular Article
856,"Mary Hegarty,Department of Psychology, University of California, Santa Barbara",NaN,0,"Spatial Reasoning With External Visualizations: What Matters Is What You See, Not Whether You Interact",Regular Article
856,"Cheryl Cohen,Department of Psychology, University of California, Santa Barbara",NaN,0,"Spatial Reasoning With External Visualizations: What Matters Is What You See, Not Whether You Interact",Regular Article
856,"Peter Khooshabeh,Department of Psychology, University of California, Santa Barbara",NaN,0,"Spatial Reasoning With External Visualizations: What Matters Is What You See, Not Whether You Interact",Regular Article
856,"Daniel R. MontelloDepartment of Geography, University of California, Santa Barbara",NaN,0,"Spatial Reasoning With External Visualizations: What Matters Is What You See, Not Whether You Interact",Regular Article
857,Michael C. Mozer,NaN,0,Optimal Predictions in Everyday Cognition: The Wisdom of Individuals or Crowds?,Regular Article
857,"Harold Pashler,Department of Psychology, University of California at San Diego",NaN,0,Optimal Predictions in Everyday Cognition: The Wisdom of Individuals or Crowds?,Regular Article
857,"Hadjar HomaeiDepartment of Computer Science and Institute of Cognitive Science, University of Colorado",NaN,0,Optimal Predictions in Everyday Cognition: The Wisdom of Individuals or Crowds?,Regular Article
858,Gary Jones,NaN,0,Computer Simulations of Developmental Change: The Contributions of Working Memory Capacity and Long-Term Knowledge,Regular Article
858,"Fernand Gobet,School of Social Sciences, Brunel University",NaN,0,Computer Simulations of Developmental Change: The Contributions of Working Memory Capacity and Long-Term Knowledge,Regular Article
858,"Julian M. PineSchool of Psychology, University of Liverpool",NaN,0,Computer Simulations of Developmental Change: The Contributions of Working Memory Capacity and Long-Term Knowledge,Regular Article
859,Michele I. Feist,NaN,0,Space Between Languages,Regular Article
860,"Josita Maouene,Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Indiana University",NaN,0,Body Parts and Early-Learned Verbs,Brief Report
860,"Shohei Hidaka,School of Informatics, Kyoto University, Japan",NaN,0,Body Parts and Early-Learned Verbs,Brief Report
860,Linda B. Smith,NaN,0,Body Parts and Early-Learned Verbs,Brief Report
861,Christopher T. Kello,NaN,0,The Pervasiveness of 1/f Scaling in Speech Reflects the Metastable Basis of Cognition,Brief Report
861,"Gregory G. Anderson,Department of Psychology, George Mason University",NaN,0,The Pervasiveness of 1/f Scaling in Speech Reflects the Metastable Basis of Cognition,Brief Report
861,"John G. Holden,Department of Psychology, California State University at Northridge",NaN,0,The Pervasiveness of 1/f Scaling in Speech Reflects the Metastable Basis of Cognition,Brief Report
861,"Guy C. Van OrdenDepartment of Psychology, University of Cincinnati",NaN,0,The Pervasiveness of 1/f Scaling in Speech Reflects the Metastable Basis of Cognition,Brief Report
862,Duane G. Watson,NaN,0,Interpreting Pitch Accents in Online Comprehension: H* vs. L+H*,Brief Report
862,"Michael K. Tanenhaus,Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester",NaN,0,Interpreting Pitch Accents in Online Comprehension: H* vs. L+H*,Brief Report
862,"Christine A. GunlogsonDepartment of Linguistics, University of Rochester",NaN,0,Interpreting Pitch Accents in Online Comprehension: H* vs. L+H*,Brief Report
872,"Jeffrey Loewenstein,","McCombs School of Business, Austin",0,The Repetition-Break Plot Structure: A Cognitive Influence on Selection in the Marketplace of Ideas,Regular Article
872,Chip Heath,"Stanford Graduate School of Business, Stanford",0,The Repetition-Break Plot Structure: A Cognitive Influence on Selection in the Marketplace of Ideas,Regular Article
873,"Steven Sloman,",Brown University,0,"A Causal Model Theory of the Meaning of Cause, Enable, and Prevent",Regular Article
873,"Aron K. Barbey,","Cognitive Neuroscience Section, National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, National Institutes of Health",0,"A Causal Model Theory of the Meaning of Cause, Enable, and Prevent",Regular Article
873,Jared M. Hotaling,Indiana University,0,"A Causal Model Theory of the Meaning of Cause, Enable, and Prevent",Regular Article
874,"Max M. Louwerse,",University of Memphis,0,Language Encodes Geographical Information,Regular Article
874,Rolf A. Zwaan,Erasmus University Rotterdam,0,Language Encodes Geographical Information,Regular Article
875,"Sabine Stoll,","Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology, Leipzig",0,"Lexically Restricted Utterances in Russian, German, and English Child-Directed Speech",Regular Article
875,"Kirsten Abbot-Smith,","School of Psychology, University of Plymouth",0,"Lexically Restricted Utterances in Russian, German, and English Child-Directed Speech",Regular Article
875,Elena Lieven,"Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology, Leipzig",0,"Lexically Restricted Utterances in Russian, German, and English Child-Directed Speech",Regular Article
876,"Marcus Cunha, Jr,Michael G. Foster School of Business, University of Washington, Seattle",NaN,0,Sunk-Cost Effects on Purely Behavioral Investments,Brief Report
876,"Fabio CaldieraroMichael G. Foster School of Business, University of Washington, Seattle",NaN,0,Sunk-Cost Effects on Purely Behavioral Investments,Brief Report
877,"Wing Chee So,","Department of Psychology, University of Chicago",0,Using the Hands to Identify Who Does What to Whom: Gesture and Speech Go Hand-in-Hand,Brief Report
877,"Sotaro Kita,","School of Psychology, University of Birmingham",0,Using the Hands to Identify Who Does What to Whom: Gesture and Speech Go Hand-in-Hand,Brief Report
877,Susan Goldin-Meadow,"Department of Psychology, University of Chicago",0,Using the Hands to Identify Who Does What to Whom: Gesture and Speech Go Hand-in-Hand,Brief Report
878,"Lynne C. Nygaard,","Department of Psychology, Emory University",0,The Semantics of Prosody: Acoustic and Perceptual Evidence of Prosodic Correlates to Word Meaning,Brief Report
878,"Debora S. Herold,","Department of Psychology, Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis",0,The Semantics of Prosody: Acoustic and Perceptual Evidence of Prosodic Correlates to Word Meaning,Brief Report
878,Laura L. Namy,"Department of Psychology, Emory University",0,The Semantics of Prosody: Acoustic and Perceptual Evidence of Prosodic Correlates to Word Meaning,Brief Report
879,"Woo-kyoung Ahn,","Department of Psychology, Yale University",0,"Mental Health Clinicians’ Beliefs About the Biological, Psychological, and Environmental Bases of Mental Disorders",Regular Article
879,"Caroline C. Proctor,","Department of Psychology, Yale University",0,"Mental Health Clinicians’ Beliefs About the Biological, Psychological, and Environmental Bases of Mental Disorders",Regular Article
879,Elizabeth H. Flanagan,"Department of Psychiatry, Yale University School of Medicine",0,"Mental Health Clinicians’ Beliefs About the Biological, Psychological, and Environmental Bases of Mental Disorders",Regular Article
880,"Michael E. Doherty,","Department of Psychology, Bowling Green State University",0,"Probabilistically Valid Inference of Covariation From a Single x,y Observation When Univariate Characteristics Are Known",Regular Article
880,"Richard B. Anderson,","Department of Psychology, Bowling Green State University",0,"Probabilistically Valid Inference of Covariation From a Single x,y Observation When Univariate Characteristics Are Known",Regular Article
880,"Amanda M. Kelley,","Department of Psychology, Bowling Green State University",0,"Probabilistically Valid Inference of Covariation From a Single x,y Observation When Univariate Characteristics Are Known",Regular Article
880,*,  Amanda Kelley is now at the US Army Aeromedical Research Laboratory.James H. Albert,0,"Probabilistically Valid Inference of Covariation From a Single x,y Observation When Univariate Characteristics Are Known",Regular Article
881,"Guido Biele,",Max Planck Institute for Human Development,0,Computational Models for the Combination of Advice and Individual Learning,Regular Article
881,"Jörg Rieskamp,",Max Planck Institute for Human Development,0,Computational Models for the Combination of Advice and Individual Learning,Regular Article
881,Richard Gonzalez,"Department of Psychology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor",0,Computational Models for the Combination of Advice and Individual Learning,Regular Article
882,"Tom Verguts,Department of Experimental Psychology, Ghent University",NaN,0,Similarity and Rules United: Similarity- and Rule-Based Processing in a Single Neural Network,Regular Article
882,"Wim FiasDepartment of Experimental Psychology, Ghent University",NaN,0,Similarity and Rules United: Similarity- and Rule-Based Processing in a Single Neural Network,Regular Article
883,"Ibrahima Giroux,","LEAD-CNRS, Université de Bourgogne, Dijon",0,Lexical and Sublexical Units in Speech Perception,Regular Article
883,Arnaud Rey,"LPC-CNRS, Université de Provence, Marseille",0,Lexical and Sublexical Units in Speech Perception,Regular Article
884,"Tania LombrozoDepartment of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,The Role of Moral Commitments in Moral Judgment,Regular Article
885,"Stephani Foraker,","Department of Psychology, The University of Chicago",0,Indirect Evidence and the Poverty of the Stimulus: The Case of Anaphoric One,Regular Article
885,"Terry Regier,","Department of Psychology, The University of Chicago",0,Indirect Evidence and the Poverty of the Stimulus: The Case of Anaphoric One,Regular Article
885,"Naveen Khetarpal,","Department of Psychology, The University of Chicago",0,Indirect Evidence and the Poverty of the Stimulus: The Case of Anaphoric One,Regular Article
885,"Amy Perfors,","Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology",0,Indirect Evidence and the Poverty of the Stimulus: The Case of Anaphoric One,Regular Article
885,Joshua Tenenbaum,"Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology",0,Indirect Evidence and the Poverty of the Stimulus: The Case of Anaphoric One,Regular Article
886,"Bob RehderDepartment of Psychology, New York University",NaN,0,Causal-Based Property Generalization,Extended Article
887,"Shulan Lu,","Department of Psychology, Texas A&M University-Commerce",0,An Empirical and Computational Investigation of Perceiving and Remembering Event Temporal Relations,Regular Article
887,"Derek Harter,","Department of Computer Science, Texas A&M University-Commerce",0,An Empirical and Computational Investigation of Perceiving and Remembering Event Temporal Relations,Regular Article
887,Arthur C. Graesser,"Department of Psychology, The University of Memphis",0,An Empirical and Computational Investigation of Perceiving and Remembering Event Temporal Relations,Regular Article
888,"Christa S. C. Asterhan,School of Education, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem",NaN,0,Argumentation and Explanation in Conceptual Change: Indications From Protocol Analyses of Peer-to-Peer Dialog,Regular Article
888,"Baruch B. SchwarzSchool of Education, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem",NaN,0,Argumentation and Explanation in Conceptual Change: Indications From Protocol Analyses of Peer-to-Peer Dialog,Regular Article
889,"Sandeep Prasada,Hunter College, CUNY",NaN,0,Representation of Principled Connections: A Window Onto the Formal Aspect of Common Sense Conception,Regular Article
889,"Elaine M. DillinghamHunter College, CUNY",NaN,0,Representation of Principled Connections: A Window Onto the Formal Aspect of Common Sense Conception,Regular Article
890,"Marshall R. Mayberry,","Computational Linguistics, Saarland University, Germany",0,Learning to Attend: A Connectionist Model of Situated Language Comprehension,Regular Article
890,"Matthew W. Crocker,","Computational Linguistics, Saarland University, Germany",0,Learning to Attend: A Connectionist Model of Situated Language Comprehension,Regular Article
890,Pia Knoeferle,"Center for Research in Language, University of California, San Diego",0,Learning to Attend: A Connectionist Model of Situated Language Comprehension,Regular Article
891,"Andreas Wilke,","Center for Adaptive Behavior and Cognition, Max Planck Institute for Human Development",0,Fishing for the Right Words: Decision Rules for Human Foraging Behavior in Internal Search Tasks,Regular Article
891,"John M. C. Hutchinson,","Center for Adaptive Behavior and Cognition, Max Planck Institute for Human Development",0,Fishing for the Right Words: Decision Rules for Human Foraging Behavior in Internal Search Tasks,Regular Article
891,"Peter M. Todd,","Center for Adaptive Behavior and Cognition, Max Planck Institute for Human Development",0,Fishing for the Right Words: Decision Rules for Human Foraging Behavior in Internal Search Tasks,Regular Article
891,Uwe Czienskowski,"Center for Adaptive Behavior and Cognition, Max Planck Institute for Human Development",0,Fishing for the Right Words: Decision Rules for Human Foraging Behavior in Internal Search Tasks,Regular Article
892,"Gregory Dam,","Department of Physiology, Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University",0,Exploration and Exploitation During Sequential Search,Brief Report
892,Konrad Körding,"Department of Physiology, Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University",0,Exploration and Exploitation During Sequential Search,Brief Report
894,nan,NaN,0,Introduction to the 2007 Rumelhart Prize Special Issue Honoring Jeff Elman,Special
895,"Jeffrey L. ElmanDepartment of Cognitive Science, University of California, San Diego",NaN,0,On the Meaning of Words and Dinosaur Bones: Lexical Knowledge Without a Lexicon,Regular Article
896,"Gerry T. M. Altmann,Department of Psychology, University of York",NaN,0,Incrementality and Prediction in Human Sentence Processing,Regular Article
896,"Jelena Mirkovi?Department of Psychology, University of York",NaN,0,Incrementality and Prediction in Human Sentence Processing,Regular Article
897,"Mary Hare,","Bowling Green State University, Bowling Green",0,"The Wind Chilled the Spectators, but the Wine Just Chilled: Sense, Structure, and Sentence Comprehension",Regular Article
897,"Jeffrey L. Elman,","University of California, San Diego",0,"The Wind Chilled the Spectators, but the Wine Just Chilled: Sense, Structure, and Sentence Comprehension",Regular Article
897,"Tracy Tabaczynski,","Bowling Green State University, Bowling Green",0,"The Wind Chilled the Spectators, but the Wine Just Chilled: Sense, Structure, and Sentence Comprehension",Regular Article
897,Ken McRae,"University of Western Ontario, London",0,"The Wind Chilled the Spectators, but the Wine Just Chilled: Sense, Structure, and Sentence Comprehension",Regular Article
898,Ping LiPennsylvania State University and National Science Foundation,NaN,0,Lexical Organization and Competition in First and Second Languages: Computational and Neural Mechanisms,Regular Article
899,"Christopher M. O’Connor,","Department of Psychology, University of Western Ontario, London",0,Conceptual Hierarchies in a Flat Attractor Network: Dynamics of Learning and Computations,Regular Article
899,"George S. Cree,","Department of Psychology, University of Toronto Scarborough, Toronto",0,Conceptual Hierarchies in a Flat Attractor Network: Dynamics of Learning and Computations,Regular Article
899,Ken McRae,"Department of Psychology, University of Western Ontario, London",0,Conceptual Hierarchies in a Flat Attractor Network: Dynamics of Learning and Computations,Regular Article
900,"Valentina Gliozzi,","Department of Computer Science, University of Torino",0,Labels as Features (Not Names) for Infant Categorization: A Neurocomputational Approach,Regular Article
900,"Julien Mayor,","Department of Experimental Psychology, University of Oxford",0,Labels as Features (Not Names) for Infant Categorization: A Neurocomputational Approach,Regular Article
900,"Jon-Fan Hu,","Department of Experimental Psychology, University of Oxford",0,Labels as Features (Not Names) for Infant Categorization: A Neurocomputational Approach,Regular Article
900,Kim Plunkett,"Department of Experimental Psychology, University of Oxford",0,Labels as Features (Not Names) for Infant Categorization: A Neurocomputational Approach,Regular Article
901,"Rick Dale,","Department of Psychology, University of Memphis",0,Explanatory Pluralism in Cognitive Science,Letter to Editor
901,"Eric Dietrich,","Department of Philosophy, Binghamton University",0,Explanatory Pluralism in Cognitive Science,Letter to Editor
901,Anthony Chemero,"Scientific and Philosophical Studies of Mind Program, Psychology Department, Franklin and Marshall College",0,Explanatory Pluralism in Cognitive Science,Letter to Editor
902,"Merim Bilali?,","Section for Experimental MRI, Department of Neuroradiology, Tübingen University",0,They Do What They Are Told to Do: The Influence of Instruction on (Chess) Expert Perception—Commentary on Linhares and Brum (2007),Letter to Editor
902,Fernand Gobet,"Center for the Study of Expertise, Brunel University",0,They Do What They Are Told to Do: The Influence of Instruction on (Chess) Expert Perception—Commentary on Linhares and Brum (2007),Letter to Editor
903,"Alexandre Linhares,EBAPE/Getulio Vargas Foundation",NaN,0,How Can Experts See the Invisible? Reply to Bilali? and Gobet,Letter to Editor
903,Paulo BrumEBAPE/Getulio Vargas Foundation,NaN,0,How Can Experts See the Invisible? Reply to Bilali? and Gobet,Letter to Editor
904,"Rens BodInstitute for Logic, Language and Computation, University of Amsterdam",NaN,0,From Exemplar to Grammar: A Probabilistic Analogy-Based Model of Language Learning,Extended Article
905,"Ulrike Padó,","Computational Linguistics, Saarland University",0,A Probabilistic Model of Semantic Plausibility in Sentence Processing,Extended Article
905,"Matthew W. Crocker,","Computational Linguistics, Saarland University",0,A Probabilistic Model of Semantic Plausibility in Sentence Processing,Extended Article
905,Frank Keller,"School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh",0,A Probabilistic Model of Semantic Plausibility in Sentence Processing,Extended Article
906,"Sam TilsenDepartment of Linguistics, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,Multitimescale Dynamical Interactions Between Speech Rhythm and Gesture,Extended Article
907,"Glenn Gunzelmann,","Air Force Research Laboratory, Mesa",0,Sleep Deprivation and Sustained Attention Performance: Integrating Mathematical and Cognitive Modeling,Regular Article
907,"Joshua B. Gross,","The Pennsylvania State University, University Park",0,Sleep Deprivation and Sustained Attention Performance: Integrating Mathematical and Cognitive Modeling,Regular Article
907,"Kevin A. Gluck,","Air Force Research Laboratory, Mesa",0,Sleep Deprivation and Sustained Attention Performance: Integrating Mathematical and Cognitive Modeling,Regular Article
907,David F. Dinges,"University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine, Philadelphia",0,Sleep Deprivation and Sustained Attention Performance: Integrating Mathematical and Cognitive Modeling,Regular Article
908,"Benjamin Scheibehenne,",Max Planck Institute for Human Development,0,Cognitive Models of Choice: Comparing Decision Field Theory to the Proportional Difference Model,Regular Article
908,"Jörg Rieskamp,",Max Planck Institute for Human Development,0,Cognitive Models of Choice: Comparing Decision Field Theory to the Proportional Difference Model,Regular Article
908,Claudia González-Vallejo,"Ohio University, Athens",0,Cognitive Models of Choice: Comparing Decision Field Theory to the Proportional Difference Model,Regular Article
909,"Judith Avrahami,School of Education and The Center for the Study of Rationality, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem",NaN,0,Do the Weak Stand a Chance? Distribution of Resources in a Competitive Environment,Brief Report
909,"Yaakov KareevSchool of Education and The Center for the Study of Rationality, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem",NaN,0,Do the Weak Stand a Chance? Distribution of Resources in a Competitive Environment,Brief Report
910,"Erin McMullen Jonaitis,Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin, Madison",NaN,0,Learning Harmony: The Role of Serial Statistics,Brief Report
910,"Jenny R. SaffranDepartment of Psychology, University of Wisconsin, Madison",NaN,0,Learning Harmony: The Role of Serial Statistics,Brief Report
911,"Stephan Lewandowsky,","School of Psychology, University of Western Australia",0,The Wisdom of Individuals: Exploring People's Knowledge About Everyday Events Using Iterated Learning,Regular Article
911,"Thomas L. Griffiths,","University of California, Berkeley",0,The Wisdom of Individuals: Exploring People's Knowledge About Everyday Events Using Iterated Learning,Regular Article
911,Michael L. Kalish,"University of Louisiana, Lafayette",0,The Wisdom of Individuals: Exploring People's Knowledge About Everyday Events Using Iterated Learning,Regular Article
912,"Joe PaterDepartment of Linguistics, University of Massachusetts, Amherst",NaN,0,Weighted Constraints in Generative Linguistics,Regular Article
913,"Malika Auvray,","Computer Laboratory for Mechanical and Engineering Sciences, CNRS",0,Perception With Compensatory Devices: From Sensory Substitution to Sensorimotor Extension,Regular Article
913,Erik Myin,"Center for Philosophical Psychology, Department of Philosophy, University of Antwerp",0,Perception With Compensatory Devices: From Sensory Substitution to Sensorimotor Extension,Regular Article
914,"Sanjay ChandrasekharanSchool of Interactive Computing, Georgia Institute of Technology",NaN,0,Building to Discover: A Common Coding Model,Regular Article
915,"Andrea L. Gebhart,Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester",NaN,0,Changing Structures in Midstream: Learning Along the Statistical Garden Path,Regular Article
915,"Richard N. Aslin,Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester",NaN,0,Changing Structures in Midstream: Learning Along the Statistical Garden Path,Regular Article
915,"Elissa L. NewportDepartment of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester",NaN,0,Changing Structures in Midstream: Learning Along the Statistical Garden Path,Regular Article
916,"Merim Bilali?,","Department of Experimental Psychology, Oxford University",0,Specialization Effect and Its Influence on Memory and Problem Solving in Expert Chess Players,Regular Article
916,"Peter McLeod,","Department of Experimental Psychology, Oxford University",0,Specialization Effect and Its Influence on Memory and Problem Solving in Expert Chess Players,Regular Article
916,Fernand Gobet,"School of Social Sciences, Brunel University",0,Specialization Effect and Its Influence on Memory and Problem Solving in Expert Chess Players,Regular Article
917,"Markus Bindemann,Department of Psychology, University of Glasgow",NaN,0,The Role of Color in Human Face Detection,Brief Report
917,"A. Mike BurtonDepartment of Psychology, University of Glasgow",NaN,0,The Role of Color in Human Face Detection,Brief Report
918,"Michelle Verges,","Indiana University, South Bend",0,Spatial Representations Elicit Dual-Coding Effects in Mental Imagery,Brief Report
918,Sean Duffy,Rutgers University,0,Spatial Representations Elicit Dual-Coding Effects in Mental Imagery,Brief Report
919,"Kurt Hugenberg,","Department of Psychology, Miami University",0,Holistic Processing Is Tuned for In-Group Faces,Brief Report
919,Olivier Corneille,Psychology Department Université Catholique de Louvain,0,Holistic Processing Is Tuned for In-Group Faces,Brief Report
920,"Jeffrey S. Bowers,","Department of Experimental Psychology, University of Bristol",0,Learning Representations of Wordforms With Recurrent Networks: Comment on †,Letter to Editor
920,Colin J. Davis,"Department of Psychology, Royal Holloway, University of London",0,Learning Representations of Wordforms With Recurrent Networks: Comment on †,Letter to Editor
921,"Daragh E. Sibley,","Department of Psychology, George Mason University",0,Sequence Encoders Enable Large-Scale Lexical Modeling: Reply to Bowers and Davis (2009),Letter to Editor
921,"Christopher T. Kello,","Cognitive Science Program, University of California, Merced",0,Sequence Encoders Enable Large-Scale Lexical Modeling: Reply to Bowers and Davis (2009),Letter to Editor
921,"David C. Plaut,","Department of Psychology, Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition, Carnegie Mellon University",0,Sequence Encoders Enable Large-Scale Lexical Modeling: Reply to Bowers and Davis (2009),Letter to Editor
921,Jeffrey L. Elman,"Department of Cognitive Science, University of California, San Diego",0,Sequence Encoders Enable Large-Scale Lexical Modeling: Reply to Bowers and Davis (2009),Letter to Editor
922,"Andrew Lovett,Qualitative Reasoning Group, Northwestern University",NaN,0,Solving Geometric Analogy Problems Through Two-Stage Analogical Mapping,Regular Article
922,"Emmett Tomai,Qualitative Reasoning Group, Northwestern University",NaN,0,Solving Geometric Analogy Problems Through Two-Stage Analogical Mapping,Regular Article
922,"Kenneth Forbus,Qualitative Reasoning Group, Northwestern University",NaN,0,Solving Geometric Analogy Problems Through Two-Stage Analogical Mapping,Regular Article
922,"Jeffrey UsherQualitative Reasoning Group, Northwestern University",NaN,0,Solving Geometric Analogy Problems Through Two-Stage Analogical Mapping,Regular Article
923,"Tiago V. MaiaDepartment of Psychiatry, Columbia University",NaN,0,"Fear Conditioning and Social Groups: Statistics, Not Genetics",Regular Article
924,"Susanne Raisig,Department of Psychology, Humboldt University, Berlin",NaN,0,Insights Into Knowledge Representation: The Influence of Amodal and Perceptual Variables on Event Knowledge Retrieval From Memory,Regular Article
924,"Tinka Welke,Department of Psychology, Humboldt University, Berlin",NaN,0,Insights Into Knowledge Representation: The Influence of Amodal and Perceptual Variables on Event Knowledge Retrieval From Memory,Regular Article
924,"Herbert Hagendorf,Department of Psychology, Humboldt University, Berlin",NaN,0,Insights Into Knowledge Representation: The Influence of Amodal and Perceptual Variables on Event Knowledge Retrieval From Memory,Regular Article
924,"Elke Van Der MeerDepartment of Psychology, Humboldt University, Berlin",NaN,0,Insights Into Knowledge Representation: The Influence of Amodal and Perceptual Variables on Event Knowledge Retrieval From Memory,Regular Article
925,"Sylvia Fitting,Department of Psychology, University of South Carolina",NaN,0,Cue Effects on Memory for Location When Navigating Spatial Displays,Regular Article
925,"Douglas H. Wedell,Department of Psychology, University of South Carolina",NaN,0,Cue Effects on Memory for Location When Navigating Spatial Displays,Regular Article
925,"Gary L. AllenDepartment of Psychology, University of South Carolina",NaN,0,Cue Effects on Memory for Location When Navigating Spatial Displays,Regular Article
926,"Ben Ambridge,School of Psychology, University of Liverpool",NaN,0,A Semantics-Based Approach to the “No Negative Evidence” Problem,Brief Report
926,"Julian M. Pine,School of Psychology, University of Liverpool",NaN,0,A Semantics-Based Approach to the “No Negative Evidence” Problem,Brief Report
926,"Caroline F. Rowland,School of Psychology, University of Liverpool",NaN,0,A Semantics-Based Approach to the “No Negative Evidence” Problem,Brief Report
926," Rebecca L. Jones,School of Psychology, University of Liverpool",NaN,0,A Semantics-Based Approach to the “No Negative Evidence” Problem,Brief Report
926,"Victoria ClarkSchool of Psychology, University of Liverpool",NaN,0,A Semantics-Based Approach to the “No Negative Evidence” Problem,Brief Report
927,"Michelle C. St. Clair,","School of Psychological Sciences, University of Manchester",0,Relationships Between Language Structure and Language Learning: The Suffixing Preference and Grammatical Categorization,Brief Report
927,"Padraic Monaghan,","Department of Psychology, Lancaster University",0,Relationships Between Language Structure and Language Learning: The Suffixing Preference and Grammatical Categorization,Brief Report
927,Michael Ramscar,"Department of Psychology, Stanford University",0,Relationships Between Language Structure and Language Learning: The Suffixing Preference and Grammatical Categorization,Brief Report
928,"Nira Liberman,",Tel Aviv University,0,The Effect of Psychological Distance on Perceptual Level of Construal,Brief Report
928,Jens Förster,University of Amsterdam,0,The Effect of Psychological Distance on Perceptual Level of Construal,Brief Report
929,"Dedre Gentner,","Department of Psychology, Northwestern University",0,Reviving Inert Knowledge: Analogical Abstraction Supports Relational Retrieval of Past Events,Extended Article
929,"Jeffrey Loewenstein,","McCombs School of Business, The University of Texas at Austin",0,Reviving Inert Knowledge: Analogical Abstraction Supports Relational Retrieval of Past Events,Extended Article
929,"Leigh Thompson,","Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University",0,Reviving Inert Knowledge: Analogical Abstraction Supports Relational Retrieval of Past Events,Extended Article
929,Kenneth D. Forbus,"Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Department, Northwestern University",0,Reviving Inert Knowledge: Analogical Abstraction Supports Relational Retrieval of Past Events,Extended Article
930,"Chris ThorntonCOGS/Informatics, University of Sussex",NaN,0,Representation Recovers Information,Regular Article
931,"Adrian Schwaninger,","School of Applied Psychology, University of Applied Sciences Northwestern Switzerland",0,Two Routes to Face Perception: Evidence From Psychophysics and Computational Modeling,Regular Article
931,"Janek S. Lobmaier,","Department of Psychology, University of Berne, Switzerland",0,Two Routes to Face Perception: Evidence From Psychophysics and Computational Modeling,Regular Article
931,"Christian Wallraven,","Max Planck Institute for Biological Cybernetics, Tübingen, Germany",0,Two Routes to Face Perception: Evidence From Psychophysics and Computational Modeling,Regular Article
931,Stephan Collishaw,"Department of Psychological Medicine, School of Medicine, Cardiff University, UK",0,Two Routes to Face Perception: Evidence From Psychophysics and Computational Modeling,Regular Article
932,David L. GildenThe University of Texas at Austin,NaN,0,Global Model Analysis of Cognitive Variability,Regular Article
933,"Daniel C. Richardson,","Cognitive, Perceptual & Brain Sciences, University College London",0,"Conversation, Gaze Coordination, and Beliefs About Visual Context",Regular Article
933,"Rick Dale,","Department of Psychology, University of Memphis",0,"Conversation, Gaze Coordination, and Beliefs About Visual Context",Regular Article
933,John M. Tomlinson,"Psychology Department, University of California, Santa Cruz",0,"Conversation, Gaze Coordination, and Beliefs About Visual Context",Regular Article
934,"Susan Hespos,","Department of Psychology, Northwestern University",0,Occlusion Is Hard: Comparing Predictive Reaching for Visible and Hidden Objects in Infants and Adults,Regular Article
934,"Gustaf Gredebäck,","Department of Psychology, University of Oslo",0,Occlusion Is Hard: Comparing Predictive Reaching for Visible and Hidden Objects in Infants and Adults,Regular Article
934,"Claes Von Hofsten,","Department of Psychology, Uppsala University",0,Occlusion Is Hard: Comparing Predictive Reaching for Visible and Hidden Objects in Infants and Adults,Regular Article
934,Elizabeth S. Spelke,"Department of Psychology, Harvard University",0,Occlusion Is Hard: Comparing Predictive Reaching for Visible and Hidden Objects in Infants and Adults,Regular Article
935,"Colleen Mitchell,","Department of Mathematics, and Delta Center, University of Iowa",0,On Leveraged Learning in Lexical Acquisition and Its Relationship to Acceleration,Regular Article
935,Bob McMurray,"Department of Psychology, and Delta Center, University of Iowa",0,On Leveraged Learning in Lexical Acquisition and Its Relationship to Acceleration,Regular Article
939,"Veljko Jeremic,Faculty of Organizational Sciences, University of Belgrade",NaN,0,Does Playing Blindfold Chess Reduce the Quality of Game: Comments on Chabris and Hearst (2003),Letter to Editor
939,"Dragan Vukmirovic,Faculty of Organizational Sciences, University of Belgrade",NaN,0,Does Playing Blindfold Chess Reduce the Quality of Game: Comments on Chabris and Hearst (2003),Letter to Editor
939,"Zoran RadojicicFaculty of Organizational Sciences, University of Belgrade",NaN,0,Does Playing Blindfold Chess Reduce the Quality of Game: Comments on Chabris and Hearst (2003),Letter to Editor
940,"Todd M. Gureckis,","Department of Psychology, New York University",0,Direct Associations or Internal Transformations? Exploring the Mechanisms Underlying Sequential Learning Behavior,Extended Article
940,Bradley C. Love,"Department of Psychology, The University of Texas at Austin",0,Direct Associations or Internal Transformations? Exploring the Mechanisms Underlying Sequential Learning Behavior,Extended Article
941,"Michael D. Lee,Department of Cognitive Sciences, University of California, Irvine",NaN,0,A Model of Knower-Level Behavior in Number Concept Development,Regular Article
941,"Barbara W. SarneckaDepartment of Cognitive Sciences, University of California, Irvine",NaN,0,A Model of Knower-Level Behavior in Number Concept Development,Regular Article
942,"Bruno EstigarribiaDepartment of Linguistics, Stanford University",NaN,0,Facilitation by Variation: Right-to-Left Learning of English Yes/No Questions,Regular Article
943,"Kentaro Nakatani,","Department of English and American Literature and Language, Konan University",0,An On-Line Study of Japanese Nesting Complexity,Regular Article
943,Edward Gibson,"Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology",0,An On-Line Study of Japanese Nesting Complexity,Regular Article
944,"Christopher G. Lucas,Department of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,Learning the Form of Causal Relationships Using Hierarchical Bayesian Models,Regular Article
944,"Thomas L. GriffithsDepartment of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,Learning the Form of Causal Relationships Using Hierarchical Bayesian Models,Regular Article
945,"Tamar Kushnir,","Department of Human Development, Cornell University",0,Inferring Hidden Causal Structure,Brief Report
945,"Alison Gopnik,","Department of Psychology, University of California at Berkeley",0,Inferring Hidden Causal Structure,Brief Report
945,"Chris Lucas,","Department of Psychology, University of California at Berkeley",0,Inferring Hidden Causal Structure,Brief Report
945,Laura Schulz,"Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology",0,Inferring Hidden Causal Structure,Brief Report
946,"Daniel Mirman,",Moss Rehabilitation Research Institute,0,Effect of Representational Distance Between Meanings on Recognition of Ambiguous Spoken Words,Brief Report
946,"Ted J. Strauss,",New School for Social Research,0,Effect of Representational Distance Between Meanings on Recognition of Ambiguous Spoken Words,Brief Report
946,"James A. Dixon,","Department of Psychology, University of Connecticut, and Haskins Laboratories",0,Effect of Representational Distance Between Meanings on Recognition of Ambiguous Spoken Words,Brief Report
946,James S. Magnuson,"Department of Psychology, University of Connecticut, and Haskins Laboratories",0,Effect of Representational Distance Between Meanings on Recognition of Ambiguous Spoken Words,Brief Report
947,"Lance J. RipsPsychology Department, Northwestern University, Evanston",NaN,0,Two Causal Theories of Counterfactual Conditionals,Extended Article
948,"Marco Baroni,Center for Mind Brain Sciences, University of Trento",NaN,0,Strudel: A Corpus-Based Semantic Model Based on Properties and Types,Extended Article
948,"Brian Murphy,Center for Mind Brain Sciences, University of Trento",NaN,0,Strudel: A Corpus-Based Semantic Model Based on Properties and Types,Extended Article
948,"Eduard Barbu,Center for Mind Brain Sciences, University of Trento",NaN,0,Strudel: A Corpus-Based Semantic Model Based on Properties and Types,Extended Article
948,"Massimo PoesioCenter for Mind Brain Sciences, University of Trento",NaN,0,Strudel: A Corpus-Based Semantic Model Based on Properties and Types,Extended Article
949,"Pierre Perruchet,","CNRS-UMR 5022, University of Bourgogne",0,Exploiting Multiple Sources of Information in Learning an Artificial Language: Human Data and Modeling,Regular Article
949,Barbara Tillmann,"CNRS-UMR 5020, University of Lyon 1",0,Exploiting Multiple Sources of Information in Learning an Artificial Language: Human Data and Modeling,Regular Article
950,"Daniel Gildea,","Computer Science Department, University of Rochester",0,Do Grammars Minimize Dependency Length?,Regular Article
950,David Temperley,"Eastman School of Music, University of Rochester",0,Do Grammars Minimize Dependency Length?,Regular Article
951,"Tage S. Rai,Department of Psychology, University of California, Los Angeles",NaN,0,Moral Principles or Consumer Preferences? Alternative Framings of the Trolley Problem,Brief Report
951,"Keith J. HolyoakDepartment of Psychology, University of California, Los Angeles",NaN,0,Moral Principles or Consumer Preferences? Alternative Framings of the Trolley Problem,Brief Report
952,"Xiaohui Kong,","Intelligent Systems Program, University of Pittsburgh",0,High Regularities in Eye-Movement Patterns Reveal the Dynamics of the Visual Working Memory Allocation Mechanism,Brief Report
952,"Christian D. Schunn,","Department of Psychology, University of Pittsburgh",0,High Regularities in Eye-Movement Patterns Reveal the Dynamics of the Visual Working Memory Allocation Mechanism,Brief Report
952,Garrick L. Wallstrom,"Department of Biomedical Informatics, University of Pittsburgh",0,High Regularities in Eye-Movement Patterns Reveal the Dynamics of the Visual Working Memory Allocation Mechanism,Brief Report
953,"Jutta L. Mueller,Department of Neuropsychology, Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences",NaN,0,Learnability of Embedded Syntactic Structures Depends on Prosodic Cues,Brief Report
953,"Jörg Bahlmann,Department of Neuropsychology, Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences",NaN,0,Learnability of Embedded Syntactic Structures Depends on Prosodic Cues,Brief Report
953,"Angela D. FriedericiDepartment of Neuropsychology, Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences",NaN,0,Learnability of Embedded Syntactic Structures Depends on Prosodic Cues,Brief Report
954,"Nicolas Fay,","School of Psychology, University of Western Australia",0,The Interactive Evolution of Human Communication Systems,Regular Article
954,"Simon Garrod,","School of Psychology, University of Western Australia",0,The Interactive Evolution of Human Communication Systems,Regular Article
954,"Leo Roberts,","School of Psychology, University of Western Australia",0,The Interactive Evolution of Human Communication Systems,Regular Article
954,Nik Swoboda,"Department of Artificial Intelligence, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid",0,The Interactive Evolution of Human Communication Systems,Regular Article
955,"Daniel Casasanto,","Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics, Donders Center for Cognition, Brain, & Behavior",0,Space and Time in the Child’s Mind: Evidence for a Cross-Dimensional Asymmetry,Regular Article
955,"Olga Fotakopoulou,","School of Psychology, Aristotle University of Thessaloniki",0,Space and Time in the Child’s Mind: Evidence for a Cross-Dimensional Asymmetry,Regular Article
955,Lera Boroditsky,"Department of Psychology, Stanford University",0,Space and Time in the Child’s Mind: Evidence for a Cross-Dimensional Asymmetry,Regular Article
956,"Thomas Hope,",NaN,0,Through Neural Stimulation to Behavior Manipulation: A Novel Method for Analyzing Dynamical Cognitive Models,Regular Article
956,*,"  Present address: Department of Biosurgery and Surgical Technology, Imperial College London, UK.Ivilin Stoianov,Department of General Psychology and Center for Cognitive Science, University of Padova, Padova, Italy",0,Through Neural Stimulation to Behavior Manipulation: A Novel Method for Analyzing Dynamical Cognitive Models,Regular Article
956,"Marco ZorziDepartment of General Psychology and Center for Cognitive Science, University of Padova, Padova, Italy",NaN,0,Through Neural Stimulation to Behavior Manipulation: A Novel Method for Analyzing Dynamical Cognitive Models,Regular Article
957,"Joseph C. Toscano,Department of Psychology and Delta Center, University of Iowa",NaN,0,Cue Integration With Categories: Weighting Acoustic Cues in Speech Using Unsupervised Learning and Distributional Statistics,Regular Article
957,"Bob McMurrayDepartment of Psychology and Delta Center, University of Iowa",NaN,0,Cue Integration With Categories: Weighting Acoustic Cues in Speech Using Unsupervised Learning and Distributional Statistics,Regular Article
958,"Danielle Matthews,","Department of Psychology, University of Sheffield",0,Children’s Production of Unfamiliar Word Sequences Is Predicted by Positional Variability and Latent Classes in a Large Sample of Child-Directed Speech,Regular Article
958,Colin Bannard,"Department of Linguistics, University of Texas at Austin",0,Children’s Production of Unfamiliar Word Sequences Is Predicted by Positional Variability and Latent Classes in a Large Sample of Child-Directed Speech,Regular Article
959,"C. Dominik Güss,","Department of Psychology, University of North Florida",0,Cross-National Comparisons of Complex Problem-Solving Strategies in Two Microworlds,Regular Article
959,"Ma. Teresa Tuason,","Department of Psychology, University of North Florida",0,Cross-National Comparisons of Complex Problem-Solving Strategies in Two Microworlds,Regular Article
959,Christiane Gerhard,"Institut für Theoretische Psychologie, Otto-Friedrich-Universität Bamberg",0,Cross-National Comparisons of Complex Problem-Solving Strategies in Two Microworlds,Regular Article
960,"Jakub Szymanik,","Institute for Logic, Language and Computation, University of Amsterdam",0,Comprehension of Simple Quantifiers: Empirical Evaluation of a Computational Model,Brief Report
960,Marcin Zajenkowski,"Department of Psychology, University of Warsaw",0,Comprehension of Simple Quantifiers: Empirical Evaluation of a Computational Model,Brief Report
963,"Michael Walsh,Institute for Natural Language Processing, University of Stuttgart",NaN,0,Multilevel Exemplar Theory,Extended Article
963,"Bernd Möbius,Institute for Natural Language Processing, University of Stuttgart",NaN,0,Multilevel Exemplar Theory,Extended Article
963,"Travis Wade,Institute for Natural Language Processing, University of Stuttgart",NaN,0,Multilevel Exemplar Theory,Extended Article
963,"Hinrich SchützeInstitute for Natural Language Processing, University of Stuttgart",NaN,0,Multilevel Exemplar Theory,Extended Article
964,"Thomas C. Scott-PhillipsSchool of Psychology, Philosophy, and Language Sciences, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,The Evolution of Relevance,Regular Article
965,"Raedy Ping,Department of Psychology, University of Chicago",NaN,0,Gesturing Saves Cognitive Resources When Talking About Nonpresent Objects,Regular Article
965,"Susan Goldin-MeadowDepartment of Psychology, University of Chicago",NaN,0,Gesturing Saves Cognitive Resources When Talking About Nonpresent Objects,Regular Article
966,"Richard A. Blythe,","SUPA, School of Physics and Astronomy, University of Edinburgh",0,Learning Times for Large Lexicons Through Cross-Situational Learning,Regular Article
966,"Kenny Smith,","Cognition and Communication Research Centre, Department of Psychology, Northumbria University",0,Learning Times for Large Lexicons Through Cross-Situational Learning,Regular Article
966,Andrew D. M. Smith,"Language Evolution and Computation Research Unit, Linguistics and English Language, University of Edinburgh",0,Learning Times for Large Lexicons Through Cross-Situational Learning,Regular Article
967,"Uta Sassenberg,Department of Psychology & Berlin School of Mind and Brain, Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin",NaN,0,Do We Really Gesture More When It Is More Difficult?,Regular Article
967,"Elke Van Der MeerDepartment of Psychology & Berlin School of Mind and Brain, Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin",NaN,0,Do We Really Gesture More When It Is More Difficult?,Regular Article
968,"Richard Schweickert,Department of Psychological Sciences, Purdue University",NaN,0,Metamorphosed Characters in Dreams: Constraints of Conceptual Structure and Amount of Theory of Mind,Regular Article
968,"Zhuangzhuang XiDepartment of Psychological Sciences, Purdue University",NaN,0,Metamorphosed Characters in Dreams: Constraints of Conceptual Structure and Amount of Theory of Mind,Regular Article
969,"Kit Ying Chan,Department of Psychology, University of Kansas",NaN,0,Network Structure Influences Speech Production,Brief Report
969,"Michael S. VitevitchDepartment of Psychology, University of Kansas",NaN,0,Network Structure Influences Speech Production,Brief Report
970,"Leonidas A. A. Doumas,",Department of Psychology University of Hawaii at Manoa,0,A Computational Account of the Development of the Generalization of Shape Information,Brief Report
970,John E. Hummel,"Psychology Department, University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign",0,A Computational Account of the Development of the Generalization of Shape Information,Brief Report
971,"William Bechtel,","Department of Philosophy, University of California at San Diego",0,The Rumelhart Prize at 10,Special
971,"Marlene Behrmann,","Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University",0,The Rumelhart Prize at 10,Special
971,"Nick Chater,","Department of Psychology, University College London",0,The Rumelhart Prize at 10,Special
971,"Robert J. Glushko,","School of Informatics, University of California at Berkeley",0,The Rumelhart Prize at 10,Special
971,"Robert L. Goldstone,","Psychological and Brain Sciences, Indiana University",0,The Rumelhart Prize at 10,Special
971,Paul Smolensky,"Department of Cognitive Science, Johns Hopkins University",0,The Rumelhart Prize at 10,Special
972,nan,NaN,0,Introduction to the 2009 Rumelhart Prize Special Issue Honoring Susan Carey,Special
973,"Mariko Moher,Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Johns Hopkins University",NaN,0,A One-to-One Bias and Fast Mapping Support Preschoolers’ Learning About Faces and Voices,Special
973,"Lisa Feigenson,Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Johns Hopkins University",NaN,0,A One-to-One Bias and Fast Mapping Support Preschoolers’ Learning About Faces and Voices,Special
973,"Justin HalberdaDepartment of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Johns Hopkins University",NaN,0,A One-to-One Bias and Fast Mapping Support Preschoolers’ Learning About Faces and Voices,Special
974,"Dedre GentnerPsychology Department, Northwestern University",NaN,0,Bootstrapping the Mind: Analogical Processes and Symbol Systems,Special
975,"Joseph J. Williams,Department of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,The Role of Explanation in Discovery and Generalization: Evidence From Category Learning,Special
975,"Tania LombrozoDepartment of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,The Role of Explanation in Discovery and Generalization: Evidence From Category Learning,Special
976,"Susan C. Johnson,","Department of Psychology, The Ohio State University",0,At the Intersection of Social and Cognitive Development: Internal Working Models of Attachment in Infancy,Special
976,"Carol S. Dweck,","Department of Psychology, Stanford University",0,At the Intersection of Social and Cognitive Development: Internal Working Models of Attachment in Infancy,Special
976,"Frances S. Chen,","Department of Psychology, University of Freiburg",0,At the Intersection of Social and Cognitive Development: Internal Working Models of Attachment in Infancy,Special
976,"Hilarie L. Stern,","Department of Psychology, Stanford University",0,At the Intersection of Social and Cognitive Development: Internal Working Models of Attachment in Infancy,Special
976,"Su-Jeong Ok,","Department of Psychology, Stanford University",0,At the Intersection of Social and Cognitive Development: Internal Working Models of Attachment in Infancy,Special
976,Maria Barth,"Department of Psychology, Stanford University",0,At the Intersection of Social and Cognitive Development: Internal Working Models of Attachment in Infancy,Special
977,"Frank C. KeilDepartment of Psychology, Yale University",NaN,0,The Feasibility of Folk Science,Special
978,"Elizabeth Spelke,Department of Psychology, Harvard University",NaN,0,Beyond Core Knowledge: Natural Geometry,Special
978,"Sang Ah Lee,Department of Psychology, Harvard University",NaN,0,Beyond Core Knowledge: Natural Geometry,Special
978,"Véronique IzardDepartment of Psychology, Harvard University",NaN,0,Beyond Core Knowledge: Natural Geometry,Special
979,"Stephanie Denison,Department of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,Integrating Physical Constraints in Statistical Inference by 11-Month-Old Infants,Special
979,"Fei XuDepartment of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,Integrating Physical Constraints in Statistical Inference by 11-Month-Old Infants,Special
980,"Michael Ramscar,Department of Psychology, Stanford University",NaN,0,The Effects of Feature-Label-Order and Their Implications for Symbolic Learning,Extended Article
980,"Daniel Yarlett,Department of Psychology, Stanford University",NaN,0,The Effects of Feature-Label-Order and Their Implications for Symbolic Learning,Extended Article
980,"Melody Dye,Department of Psychology, Stanford University",NaN,0,The Effects of Feature-Label-Order and Their Implications for Symbolic Learning,Extended Article
980,"Katie Denny,Department of Psychology, Stanford University",NaN,0,The Effects of Feature-Label-Order and Their Implications for Symbolic Learning,Extended Article
980,"Kirsten ThorpeDepartment of Psychology, Stanford University",NaN,0,The Effects of Feature-Label-Order and Their Implications for Symbolic Learning,Extended Article
981,"John E. HummelDepartment of Psychology, University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign",NaN,0,Symbolic Versus Associative Learning,Letter to Editor
982,"Michael RamscarDepartment of Psychology, Stanford University",NaN,0,Computing Machinery and Understanding,Letter to Editor
983,"Anne S. Hsu,","Department of Cognitive, Perceptual, and Brain Sciences, University College London",0,The Logical Problem of Language Acquisition: A Probabilistic Perspective,Extended Article
983,Nick Chater,"Department of Cognitive, Perceptual, and Brain Sciences and ESRC Centre for Economic Learning and Social Evolution (ELSE), University College London",0,The Logical Problem of Language Acquisition: A Probabilistic Perspective,Extended Article
984,"Afsaneh Fazly,","Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto",0,A Probabilistic Computational Model of Cross-Situational Word Learning,Extended Article
984,"Afra Alishahi,","Department of Computational Linguistics, Saarland University",0,A Probabilistic Computational Model of Cross-Situational Word Learning,Extended Article
984,Suzanne Stevenson,"Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto",0,A Probabilistic Computational Model of Cross-Situational Word Learning,Extended Article
985,"Anna PapafragouDepartment of Psychology, University of Delaware",NaN,0,Source-Goal Asymmetries in Motion Representation: Implications for Language Production and Comprehension,Regular Article
986,"Erik D. ThiessenDepartment of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University",NaN,0,Effects of Visual Information on Adults’ and Infants’ Auditory Statistical Learning,Brief Report
987,"Dermot Lynott,School of Psychological Sciences, University of Manchester",NaN,0,The Effect of Prosody on Conceptual Combination,Brief Report
987,"Louise ConnellSchool of Psychological Sciences, University of Manchester",NaN,0,The Effect of Prosody on Conceptual Combination,Brief Report
989,"Vladimir M. SloutskyCenter for Cognitive Science, The Ohio State University",NaN,0,Mechanisms of Cognitive Development: Domain-General Learning or Domain-Specific Constraints?,Original Article
990,"Nick Chater,",University College London,0,Language Acquisition Meets Language Evolution,Original Article
990,Morten H. Christiansen,Cornell University,0,Language Acquisition Meets Language Evolution,Original Article
991,"Scott P. JohnsonDepartment of Psychology, University of California, Los Angeles",NaN,0,How Infants Learn About the Visual World,Original Article
992,"Charles Kemp,","Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University",0,Learning to Learn Causal Models,Original Article
992,"Noah D. Goodman,","Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology",0,Learning to Learn Causal Models,Original Article
992,Joshua B. Tenenbaum,"Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology",0,Learning to Learn Causal Models,Original Article
993,"Vladimir M. SloutskyCenter for Cognitive Science, The Ohio State University",NaN,0,From Perceptual Categories to Concepts: What Develops?,Original Article
994,"Linda B. Smith,","Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Indiana University",0,Knowledge as Process: Contextually Cued Attention and Early Word Learning,Original Article
994,"Eliana Colunga,","Department of Psychology and Neuroscience, University of Colorado",0,Knowledge as Process: Contextually Cued Attention and Early Word Learning,Original Article
994,Hanako Yoshida,"Department of Psychology, University of Houston",0,Knowledge as Process: Contextually Cued Attention and Early Word Learning,Original Article
995,"Alexandra D. Twyman,Temple University",NaN,0,Five Reasons to Doubt the Existence of a Geometric Module,Original Article
995,Nora S. NewcombeTemple University,NaN,0,Five Reasons to Doubt the Existence of a Geometric Module,Original Article
996,"Robert L. Goldstone,","Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Indiana University",0,Domain-Creating Constraints,Original Article
996,David Landy,"Department of Psychology, University of Richmond",0,Domain-Creating Constraints,Original Article
997,"A. Ross OttoDepartment of Psychology, University of Texas at Austin",NaN,0,Three Attempts to Replicate the Behavioral Sunk-Cost Effect: A Note on †,Letter to Editor
998,"Marcus Cunha Jr.,Department of Marketing and International Business, Foster School of Business, University of Washington",NaN,0,On the Observability of Purely Behavioral Sunk-Cost Effects: Theoretical and Empirical Support for the BISC Model,Letter to Editor
998,"Fabio CaldieraroDepartment of Marketing and International Business, Foster School of Business, University of Washington",NaN,0,On the Observability of Purely Behavioral Sunk-Cost Effects: Theoretical and Empirical Support for the BISC Model,Letter to Editor
999,"Jeff Mitchell,School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,Composition in Distributional Models of Semantics,Extended Article
999,"Mirella LapataSchool of Informatics, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,Composition in Distributional Models of Semantics,Extended Article
1000,"Orly Fuhrman,Department of Psychology, Stanford University",NaN,0,Cross-Cultural Differences in Mental Representations of Time: Evidence From an Implicit Nonlinguistic Task,Regular Article
1000,"Lera BoroditskyDepartment of Psychology, Stanford University",NaN,0,Cross-Cultural Differences in Mental Representations of Time: Evidence From an Implicit Nonlinguistic Task,Regular Article
1001,"Andrei Cimpian,","Department of Psychology, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign",0,Generic Statements Require Little Evidence for Acceptance but Have Powerful Implications,Regular Article
1001,"Amanda C. Brandone,","Department of Psychology, University of Michigan",0,Generic Statements Require Little Evidence for Acceptance but Have Powerful Implications,Regular Article
1001,Susan A. Gelman,"Department of Psychology, University of Michigan",0,Generic Statements Require Little Evidence for Acceptance but Have Powerful Implications,Regular Article
1002,"Iyad Rahwan,","Computing and Information Science, Masdar Institute of Science & Technology, UAE",0,Behavioral Experiments for Assessing the Abstract Argumentation Semantics of Reinstatement,Regular Article
1002,"Mohammed I. Madakkatel,","Faculty of Informatics, British University in Dubai, UAE",0,Behavioral Experiments for Assessing the Abstract Argumentation Semantics of Reinstatement,Regular Article
1002,"Jean-François Bonnefon,","CLLE, CNRS and University of Toulouse, France",0,Behavioral Experiments for Assessing the Abstract Argumentation Semantics of Reinstatement,Regular Article
1002,"Ruqiyabi N. Awan,","Faculty of Education, British University in Dubai, UAE",0,Behavioral Experiments for Assessing the Abstract Argumentation Semantics of Reinstatement,Regular Article
1002,Sherief Abdallah,"School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh, UK",0,Behavioral Experiments for Assessing the Abstract Argumentation Semantics of Reinstatement,Regular Article
1003,"Evan Heit,School of Social Sciences, Humanities, and Arts, University of California, Merced",NaN,0,The Opposite of Republican: Polarization and Political Categorization,Brief Report
1003,"Stephen P. NicholsonSchool of Social Sciences, Humanities, and Arts, University of California, Merced",NaN,0,The Opposite of Republican: Polarization and Political Categorization,Brief Report
1004,"Max M. Louwerse,","Department of Psychology, University of Memphis",0,Effects of Ambiguous Gestures and Language on the Time Course of Reference Resolution,Brief Report
1004,Adrian Bangerter,"Department of Applied Psychology, University of Neuchâtel",0,Effects of Ambiguous Gestures and Language on the Time Course of Reference Resolution,Brief Report
1005,"Robert E. BriscoeDepartment of Philosophy, Ohio University",NaN,0,Perceiving the Present: Systematization of Illusions or Illusion of Systematization?,Brief Report
1006,"Mark A. ChangiziDepartment of Cognitive Science, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute",NaN,0,Response to Briscoe (2010),Brief Report
1007,"Christian P. Janssen,UCL Interaction Centre, University College London",NaN,0,Strategic Adaptation to Performance Objectives in a Dual-Task Setting,Brief Report
1007,"Duncan P. BrumbyUCL Interaction Centre, University College London",NaN,0,Strategic Adaptation to Performance Objectives in a Dual-Task Setting,Brief Report
1008,"Marjorie Rhodes,","Department of Psychology, New York University",0,The Role of Within-Category Variability in Category-Based Induction: A Developmental Study,Brief Report
1008,Daniel Brickman,"Department of Psychology, The University of Michigan, Ann Arbor",0,The Role of Within-Category Variability in Category-Based Induction: A Developmental Study,Brief Report
1009,"Na-Yung Yu,","Department of Psychology, Texas A&M University",0,Feature Selection for Inductive Generalization,Brief Report
1009,"Takashi Yamauchi,","Department of Psychology, Texas A&M University",0,Feature Selection for Inductive Generalization,Brief Report
1009,"Huei-Fang Yang,","Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Texas A&M University",0,Feature Selection for Inductive Generalization,Brief Report
1009,"Yen-Lin Chen,","Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Texas A&M University",0,Feature Selection for Inductive Generalization,Brief Report
1009,Ricardo Gutierrez-Osuna,"Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Texas A&M University",0,Feature Selection for Inductive Generalization,Brief Report
1013,"Paul Thagard,Department of Psychology, University of Waterloo",NaN,0,The AHA! Experience: Creativity Through Emergent Binding in Neural Networks,Extended Article
1013,"Terrence C. StewartDepartment of Psychology, University of Waterloo",NaN,0,The AHA! Experience: Creativity Through Emergent Binding in Neural Networks,Extended Article
1014,"Janet I. Vousden,","Department of Psychology, Coventry University",0,Simplifying Reading: Applying the Simplicity Principle to Reading,Extended Article
1014,"Michelle R. Ellefson,","Psychology and Neuroscience in Education, Faculty of Education, University of Cambridge",0,Simplifying Reading: Applying the Simplicity Principle to Reading,Extended Article
1014,"Jonathan Solity,","Educational Psychology Group, Department of Psychology, University College London",0,Simplifying Reading: Applying the Simplicity Principle to Reading,Extended Article
1014,Nick Chater,"Behavioural Science Group, Warwick Business School, University of Warwick",0,Simplifying Reading: Applying the Simplicity Principle to Reading,Extended Article
1015,"Thomas Hannagan,Laboratoire de Sciences Cognitives et Psycholinguistique, EHESS/CNRS/DEC-ENS",NaN,0,Holographic String Encoding,Extended Article
1015,"Emmanuel Dupoux,Laboratoire de Sciences Cognitives et Psycholinguistique, EHESS/CNRS/DEC-ENS",NaN,0,Holographic String Encoding,Extended Article
1015,"Anne ChristopheLaboratoire de Sciences Cognitives et Psycholinguistique, EHESS/CNRS/DEC-ENS",NaN,0,Holographic String Encoding,Extended Article
1016,"Robert Daland,","Department of Linguistics, UCLA",0,Learning Diphone-Based Segmentation,Extended Article
1016,Janet B. Pierrehumbert,"Department of Linguistics, Northwestern University",0,Learning Diphone-Based Segmentation,Extended Article
1017,"Micah B. Goldwater,","Department of Psychology, Northwestern University",0,Structural Priming as Structure-Mapping: Children Use Analogies From Previous Utterances to Guide Sentence Production,Brief Report
1017,"Marc T. Tomlinson,","Department of Psychology, University of Texas at Austin",0,Structural Priming as Structure-Mapping: Children Use Analogies From Previous Utterances to Guide Sentence Production,Brief Report
1017,"Catharine H. Echols,","Department of Psychology, University of Texas at Austin",0,Structural Priming as Structure-Mapping: Children Use Analogies From Previous Utterances to Guide Sentence Production,Brief Report
1017,Bradley C. Love,"Department of Psychology, University of Texas at Austin",0,Structural Priming as Structure-Mapping: Children Use Analogies From Previous Utterances to Guide Sentence Production,Brief Report
1018,"De-Fu Yap,Department of Psychology, National University of Singapore",NaN,0,Iconic Gestures Prime Words,Brief Report
1018,"Wing-Chee So,Department of Psychology, National University of Singapore",NaN,0,Iconic Gestures Prime Words,Brief Report
1018,"Ju-Min Melvin Yap,Department of Psychology, National University of Singapore",NaN,0,Iconic Gestures Prime Words,Brief Report
1018,"Ying-Quan Tan,Department of Psychology, National University of Singapore",NaN,0,Iconic Gestures Prime Words,Brief Report
1018,"Ruo-Li Serene TeohDepartment of Psychology, National University of Singapore",NaN,0,Iconic Gestures Prime Words,Brief Report
1019,"Holger Mitterer,",Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics,0,Phonological Abstraction in Processing Lexical-Tone Variation: Evidence From a Learning Paradigm,Brief Report
1019,"Yiya Chen,",Leiden University Centre for Linguistics & Leiden Institute for Brain and Cognition,0,Phonological Abstraction in Processing Lexical-Tone Variation: Evidence From a Learning Paradigm,Brief Report
1019,Xiaolin Zhou,"Department of Psychology, Peking University",0,Phonological Abstraction in Processing Lexical-Tone Variation: Evidence From a Learning Paradigm,Brief Report
1020,"Allan Paivio,","Department of Psychology, University of Western Ontario",0,"Lexicons, Contexts, Events, and Images: Commentary on † From the Perspective of Dual Coding Theory",Brief Report
1020,Mark Sadoski,"Department of Teaching, Learning, & Culture, Texas A&M University",0,"Lexicons, Contexts, Events, and Images: Commentary on † From the Perspective of Dual Coding Theory",Brief Report
1021,"Gilles Dutilh,Department of Psychology, University of Amsterdam",NaN,0,A Phase Transition Model for the Speed-Accuracy Trade-Off in Response Time Experiments,Extended Article
1021,"Eric-Jan Wagenmakers,Department of Psychology, University of Amsterdam",NaN,0,A Phase Transition Model for the Speed-Accuracy Trade-Off in Response Time Experiments,Extended Article
1021,"Ingmar Visser,Department of Psychology, University of Amsterdam",NaN,0,A Phase Transition Model for the Speed-Accuracy Trade-Off in Response Time Experiments,Extended Article
1021,"Han L. J. van der MaasDepartment of Psychology, University of Amsterdam",NaN,0,A Phase Transition Model for the Speed-Accuracy Trade-Off in Response Time Experiments,Extended Article
1022,"Akira UtsumiDepartment of Informatics, The University of Electro-Communications, Tokyo",NaN,0,Computational Exploration of Metaphor Comprehension Processes Using a Semantic Space Model,Extended Article
1023,"Bruno Laeng,","Department of Psychology, University of Oslo",0,Processing Spatial Relations With Different Apertures of Attention,Regular Article
1023,"Matia Okubo,","Department of Psychology, Senshu University",0,Processing Spatial Relations With Different Apertures of Attention,Regular Article
1023,"Ayako Saneyoshi,","Department of Psychology, Teikyo University",0,Processing Spatial Relations With Different Apertures of Attention,Regular Article
1023,Chikashi Michimata,"Department of Psychology, Sophia University",0,Processing Spatial Relations With Different Apertures of Attention,Regular Article
1024,"Rankin W. McGugin,","Department of Psychology, Vanderbilt University",0,Race-Specific Perceptual Discrimination Improvement Following Short Individuation Training With Faces,Regular Article
1024,"James W. Tanaka,","Department of Psychology, University of Victoria",0,Race-Specific Perceptual Discrimination Improvement Following Short Individuation Training With Faces,Regular Article
1024,"Sophie Lebrecht,","Department of Cognitive & Linguistic Sciences, Brown University",0,Race-Specific Perceptual Discrimination Improvement Following Short Individuation Training With Faces,Regular Article
1024,"Michael J. Tarr,","Department of Psychology, Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition, Carnegie Mellon University",0,Race-Specific Perceptual Discrimination Improvement Following Short Individuation Training With Faces,Regular Article
1024,Isabel Gauthier,"Department of Psychology, Vanderbilt University",0,Race-Specific Perceptual Discrimination Improvement Following Short Individuation Training With Faces,Regular Article
1025,"Katrin Skoruppa,","Department of Speech, Hearing and Phonetic Sciences, UCL Division of Psychology and Language Sciences",0,Adaptation to Novel Accents: Feature-Based Learning of Context-Sensitive Phonological Regularities,Regular Article
1025,Sharon Peperkamp,Laboratoire de Sciences Cognitives et Psycholinguistique (EHESS – DEC-ENS – CNRS),0,Adaptation to Novel Accents: Feature-Based Learning of Context-Sensitive Phonological Regularities,Regular Article
1026,"Stanka A. Fitneva,","Department of Psychology, Queen’s University",0,Looking in the Wrong Direction Correlates With More Accurate Word Learning,Brief Report
1026,Morten H. Christiansen,"Department of Psychology, Cornell University",0,Looking in the Wrong Direction Correlates With More Accurate Word Learning,Brief Report
1027,"Max Louwerse,","Department of Psychology, University of Memphis",0,A Taste of Words: Linguistic Context and Perceptual Simulation Predict the Modality of Words,Brief Report
1027,Louise Connell,"School of Psychological Sciences, University of Manchester",0,A Taste of Words: Linguistic Context and Perceptual Simulation Predict the Modality of Words,Brief Report
1028,"John T. HaleDepartment of Linguistics, Cornell University",NaN,0,What a Rational Parser Would Do,Extended Article
1029,"Scott Hotton,","Department of Organismic and Evolutionary Biology, Harvard University",0,Extending Dynamical Systems Theory to Model Embodied Cognition,Regular Article
1029,Jeff Yoshimi,"School of Social Sciences, Humanities and Arts, University of California, Merced",0,Extending Dynamical Systems Theory to Model Embodied Cognition,Regular Article
1030,"Kenny Smith,","Language Evolution and Computation Research Unit, School of Philosophy, Psychology and Language Sciences, University of Edinburgh",0,Cross-Situational Learning: An Experimental Study of Word-Learning Mechanisms,Regular Article
1030,"Andrew D. M. Smith,","Department of English Studies, University of Stirling",0,Cross-Situational Learning: An Experimental Study of Word-Learning Mechanisms,Regular Article
1030,Richard A. Blythe,"SUPA, School of Physics and Astronomy, University of Edinburgh",0,Cross-Situational Learning: An Experimental Study of Word-Learning Mechanisms,Regular Article
1031,"Joseph L. Austerweil,Department of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,Seeking Confirmation Is Rational for Deterministic Hypotheses,Regular Article
1031,"Thomas L. GriffithsDepartment of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,Seeking Confirmation Is Rational for Deterministic Hypotheses,Regular Article
1032,"Juraj Simko,UCD School of Computer Science and Informatics, University College Dublin",NaN,0,Sequencing and Optimization Within an Embodied Task Dynamic Model,Regular Article
1032,"Fred CumminsUCD School of Computer Science and Informatics, University College Dublin",NaN,0,Sequencing and Optimization Within an Embodied Task Dynamic Model,Regular Article
1033,"Yuri Miyamoto,","Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin-Madison",0,Feature and Configuration in Face Processing: Japanese Are More Configural Than Americans,Brief Report
1033,"Sakiko Yoshikawa,","Kokoro Research Center, Kyoto University",0,Feature and Configuration in Face Processing: Japanese Are More Configural Than Americans,Brief Report
1033,Shinobu Kitayama,"Department of Psychology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor",0,Feature and Configuration in Face Processing: Japanese Are More Configural Than Americans,Brief Report
1034,"Katerina Kantartzis,","School of Psychology, University of Birmingham",0,Japanese Sound-Symbolism Facilitates Word Learning in English-Speaking Children,Brief Report
1034,"Mutsumi Imai,","Faculty of Information and Environment Sciences, Keio University",0,Japanese Sound-Symbolism Facilitates Word Learning in English-Speaking Children,Brief Report
1034,Sotaro Kita,"School of Psychology, University of Birmingham",0,Japanese Sound-Symbolism Facilitates Word Learning in English-Speaking Children,Brief Report
1035,"David Reitter,School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,A Computational Cognitive Model of Syntactic Priming,Extended Article
1035,"Frank Keller,School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,A Computational Cognitive Model of Syntactic Priming,Extended Article
1035,"Johanna D. MooreSchool of Informatics, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,A Computational Cognitive Model of Syntactic Priming,Extended Article
1036,"Jelena Mirkovi?,","Department of Psychology, University of York",0,Rules Versus Statistics: Insights From a Highly Inflected Language,Regular Article
1036,"Mark S. Seidenberg,","Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin – Madison",0,Rules Versus Statistics: Insights From a Highly Inflected Language,Regular Article
1036,Marc F. Joanisse,"Department of Psychology, The University of Western Ontario",0,Rules Versus Statistics: Insights From a Highly Inflected Language,Regular Article
1037,"Andreas Jarvstad,School of Psychology, Cardiff University",NaN,0,Source Reliability and the Conjunction Fallacy,Regular Article
1037,"Ulrike HahnSchool of Psychology, Cardiff University",NaN,0,Source Reliability and the Conjunction Fallacy,Regular Article
1038,"Laura R. Novick,","Department of Psychology and Human Development, Vanderbilt University",0,Inference Is Bliss: Using Evolutionary Relationship to Guide Categorical Inferences,Regular Article
1038,"Kefyn M. Catley,","Department of Biology, Western Carolina University",0,Inference Is Bliss: Using Evolutionary Relationship to Guide Categorical Inferences,Regular Article
1038,Daniel J. Funk,"Department of Biological Sciences, Vanderbilt University",0,Inference Is Bliss: Using Evolutionary Relationship to Guide Categorical Inferences,Regular Article
1039,"Christina Fang,","Department of Management and Organization, New York University",0,Prior Divergence: Do Researchers and Participants Share the Same Prior Probability Distributions?,Brief Report
1039,"Sari Carp,","Jerusalem School of Business, Hebrew University, Israel",0,Prior Divergence: Do Researchers and Participants Share the Same Prior Probability Distributions?,Brief Report
1039,Zur Shapira,"Department of Management and Organization, New York University",0,Prior Divergence: Do Researchers and Participants Share the Same Prior Probability Distributions?,Brief Report
1040,"Louise Connell,","School of Psychological Sciences, University of Manchester",0,Modality Switching Costs Emerge in Concept Creation as Well as Retrieval,Brief Report
1040,Dermot Lynott,"Decision and Cognitive Sciences Research Centre, Manchester Business School, University of Manchester",0,Modality Switching Costs Emerge in Concept Creation as Well as Retrieval,Brief Report
1041,"Johan Kwisthout,","Institute for Computing and Information Sciences, Radboud University Nijmegen",0,Bayesian Intractability Is Not an Ailment That Approximation Can Cure,Letter to Editor
1041,"Todd Wareham,","Department of Computer Science, Memorial University of Newfoundland",0,Bayesian Intractability Is Not an Ailment That Approximation Can Cure,Letter to Editor
1041,Iris van Rooij,"Donders Institute for Brain, Cognition and Behaviour, Radboud University Nijmegen",0,Bayesian Intractability Is Not an Ailment That Approximation Can Cure,Letter to Editor
1042,"Fermín Moscoso del Prado MartínLaboratoire de Psychologie Cognitive (UMR–6146), CNRS; Laboratoire Dynamique du Langage (UMR–5596), CNRS; and Institut Rhône-Alpin de Systèmes Complexes (IXXI)",NaN,0,"Causality, Criticality, and Reading Words: Distinct Sources of Fractal Scaling in Behavioral Sequences",Extended Article
1043,"Christopher KelloCognitive and Information Sciences, University of California, Merced",NaN,0,Intrinsic Fluctuations Yield Pervasive 1/f Scaling: Comment on †,Extended Article
1044,"York Hagmayer,","Department of Psychology, University of Göttingen",0,Category Transfer in Sequential Causal Learning: The Unbroken Mechanism Hypothesis,Regular Article
1044,"Björn Meder,","Center for Adaptive Behavior and Cognition, Max Planck Institute for Human Development, Berlin",0,Category Transfer in Sequential Causal Learning: The Unbroken Mechanism Hypothesis,Regular Article
1044,"Momme von Sydow,","Department of Psychology, University of Göttingen",0,Category Transfer in Sequential Causal Learning: The Unbroken Mechanism Hypothesis,Regular Article
1044,Michael R. Waldmann,"Department of Psychology, University of Göttingen",0,Category Transfer in Sequential Causal Learning: The Unbroken Mechanism Hypothesis,Regular Article
1045,"Wai-Tat FuDepartment of Computer Science, University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign",NaN,0,A Dynamic Context Model of Interactive Behavior,Regular Article
1046,"Olivier Le GuenMax Planck Institute, Language and Cognition Group, Nijmegen, and CIESAS, Lingüística-antropológica, Mexico DF",NaN,0,Speech and Gesture in Spatial Language and Cognition Among the Yucatec Mayas,Regular Article
1047,"Reiko Yakushijin,","Department of Psychology, Aoyama Gakuin University, Tokyo",0,Are People Successful at Learning Sequences of Actions on a Perceptual Matching Task?,Regular Article
1047,Robert A. Jacobs,"Department of Brain & Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester",0,Are People Successful at Learning Sequences of Actions on a Perceptual Matching Task?,Regular Article
1048,"Claire H. Noble,","Max Planck Child Study Centre, University of Manchester",0,Comprehension of Argument Structure and Semantic Roles: Evidence from English-Learning Children and the Forced-Choice Pointing Paradigm,Regular Article
1048,"Caroline F. Rowland,","School of Psychology, University of Liverpool",0,Comprehension of Argument Structure and Semantic Roles: Evidence from English-Learning Children and the Forced-Choice Pointing Paradigm,Regular Article
1048,Julian M. Pine,"School of Psychology, University of Liverpool",0,Comprehension of Argument Structure and Semantic Roles: Evidence from English-Learning Children and the Forced-Choice Pointing Paradigm,Regular Article
1049,"Rick Dale,Department of Psychology, The University of Memphis",NaN,0,The Cognitive Dynamics of Negated Sentence Verification,Brief Report
1049,"Nicholas D. DuranDepartment of Psychology, The University of Memphis",NaN,0,The Cognitive Dynamics of Negated Sentence Verification,Brief Report
1050,"Edward Slingerland,","Department of Asian Studies, University of British Columbia",0,The Prevalence of Mind–Body Dualism in Early China,Brief Report
1050,Maciej Chudek,"Department of Psychology, University of British Columbia",0,The Prevalence of Mind–Body Dualism in Early China,Brief Report
1051,"Anuenue Kukona,","Department of Psychology, University of Connecticut",0,Impulse Processing: A Dynamical Systems Model of Incremental Eye Movements in the Visual World Paradigm,Extended Article
1051,Whitney Tabor,"Department of Psychology, University of Connecticut",0,Impulse Processing: A Dynamical Systems Model of Incremental Eye Movements in the Visual World Paradigm,Extended Article
1052,"Fiery Cushman,","Department of Psychology, Harvard University",0,Patterns of Moral Judgment Derive From Nonmoral Psychological Representations,Regular Article
1052,Liane Young,"Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology",0,Patterns of Moral Judgment Derive From Nonmoral Psychological Representations,Regular Article
1053,"Berit BrogaardDepartments of Philosophy and Psychology, University of Missouri",NaN,0,Conscious Vision for Action Versus Unconscious Vision for Action?,Regular Article
1054,"Keith S. Apfelbaum,Department of Psychology and Delta Center, University of Iowa",NaN,0,Using Variability to Guide Dimensional Weighting: Associative Mechanisms in Early Word Learning,Regular Article
1054,"Bob McMurrayDepartment of Psychology and Delta Center, University of Iowa",NaN,0,Using Variability to Guide Dimensional Weighting: Associative Mechanisms in Early Word Learning,Regular Article
1055,"Joël Cretenet,UFR Science and Technology of Movement and Sports, Université Paris Ouest Nanterre",NaN,0,Influence of Bilateral Motor Behaviors on Flexible Functioning: An Embodied Perspective,Regular Article
1055,"Vincent DruUFR Science and Technology of Movement and Sports, Université Paris Ouest Nanterre",NaN,0,Influence of Bilateral Motor Behaviors on Flexible Functioning: An Embodied Perspective,Regular Article
1056,"Saskia van Dantzig,","Department of Psychology, Leiden University",0,Acquiring Contextualized Concepts: A Connectionist Approach,Regular Article
1056,"Antonino Raffone,","Department of Psychology, Leiden University",0,Acquiring Contextualized Concepts: A Connectionist Approach,Regular Article
1056,Bernhard Hommel,"Department of Psychology, Leiden University",0,Acquiring Contextualized Concepts: A Connectionist Approach,Regular Article
1057,"Barbara Stumper,","Department of Developmental and Comparative Psychology, Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology",0,“Frequent Frames” in German Child-Directed Speech: A Limited Cue to Grammatical Categories,Brief Report
1057,"Colin Bannard,","Department of Linguistics, University of Texas at Austin",0,“Frequent Frames” in German Child-Directed Speech: A Limited Cue to Grammatical Categories,Brief Report
1057,"Elena Lieven,","Department of Developmental and Comparative Psychology, Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology",0,“Frequent Frames” in German Child-Directed Speech: A Limited Cue to Grammatical Categories,Brief Report
1057,Michael Tomasello,"Department of Developmental and Comparative Psychology, Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology",0,“Frequent Frames” in German Child-Directed Speech: A Limited Cue to Grammatical Categories,Brief Report
1058,"Robert C. Berwick,","Department of EECS and Brain and Cognitive Sciences, MIT",0,Poverty of the Stimulus Revisited,Extended Article
1058,"Paul Pietroski,","Departments of Philosophy and Linguistics, University of Maryland",0,Poverty of the Stimulus Revisited,Extended Article
1058,"Beracah Yankama,","Department of EECS, MIT",0,Poverty of the Stimulus Revisited,Extended Article
1058,Noam Chomsky,"Department of Linguistics and Philosophy, MIT",0,Poverty of the Stimulus Revisited,Extended Article
1059,"Aarre Laakso,","Department of Behavioral Sciences, University of Michigan-Dearborn",0,How Many Mechanisms Are Needed to Analyze Speech? A Connectionist Simulation of Structural Rule Learning in Artificial Language Acquisition,Extended Article
1059,Paco Calvo,"Philosophy Department, University of Murcia",0,How Many Mechanisms Are Needed to Analyze Speech? A Connectionist Simulation of Structural Rule Learning in Artificial Language Acquisition,Extended Article
1060,"Emma Cohen,","Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics, Nijmegen",0,Cross-Cultural Similarities and Differences in Person-Body Reasoning: Experimental Evidence From the United Kingdom and Brazilian Amazon,Regular Article
1060,"Emily Burdett,","Institute of Cognitive and Evolutionary Anthropology, University of Oxford",0,Cross-Cultural Similarities and Differences in Person-Body Reasoning: Experimental Evidence From the United Kingdom and Brazilian Amazon,Regular Article
1060,"Nicola Knight,","Institute of Cognitive and Evolutionary Anthropology, University of Oxford",0,Cross-Cultural Similarities and Differences in Person-Body Reasoning: Experimental Evidence From the United Kingdom and Brazilian Amazon,Regular Article
1060,,  Dr. Nicola Knight died in June 2009 as this paper was in preparation.Justin Barrett,0,Cross-Cultural Similarities and Differences in Person-Body Reasoning: Experimental Evidence From the United Kingdom and Brazilian Amazon,Regular Article
1061,"Orly Fuhrman,","Department of Psychology, Stanford University",0,How Linguistic and Cultural Forces Shape Conceptions of Time: English and Mandarin Time in 3D,Regular Article
1061,"Kelly McCormick,","Department of Psychology, Stanford University",0,How Linguistic and Cultural Forces Shape Conceptions of Time: English and Mandarin Time in 3D,Regular Article
1061,"Eva Chen,","Graduate School of Education, Harvard University",0,How Linguistic and Cultural Forces Shape Conceptions of Time: English and Mandarin Time in 3D,Regular Article
1061,"Heidi Jiang,","Department of Cognitive and Linguistic Sciences, Brown University",0,How Linguistic and Cultural Forces Shape Conceptions of Time: English and Mandarin Time in 3D,Regular Article
1061,"Dingfang Shu,",Shanghai International Studies University,0,How Linguistic and Cultural Forces Shape Conceptions of Time: English and Mandarin Time in 3D,Regular Article
1061,"Shuaimei Mao,",Shanghai International Studies University,0,How Linguistic and Cultural Forces Shape Conceptions of Time: English and Mandarin Time in 3D,Regular Article
1061,Lera Boroditsky,"Department of Psychology, Stanford University",0,How Linguistic and Cultural Forces Shape Conceptions of Time: English and Mandarin Time in 3D,Regular Article
1062,"Sashank VarmaDepartment of Educational Psychology, University of Minnesota",NaN,0,Criteria for the Design and Evaluation of Cognitive Architectures,Brief Report
1063,"Vivien Robinet,University of Grenoble",NaN,0,MDLChunker: A MDL-Based Cognitive Model of Inductive Learning,Brief Report
1063,"Benoît Lemaire,University of Grenoble",NaN,0,MDLChunker: A MDL-Based Cognitive Model of Inductive Learning,Brief Report
1063,Mirta B. GordonUniversity of Grenoble,NaN,0,MDLChunker: A MDL-Based Cognitive Model of Inductive Learning,Brief Report
1064,"Sung-joo Lim,Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University",NaN,0,Learning Foreign Sounds in an Alien World: Videogame Training Improves Non-Native Speech Categorization,Brief Report
1064,"Lori L. HoltDepartment of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University",NaN,0,Learning Foreign Sounds in an Alien World: Videogame Training Improves Non-Native Speech Categorization,Brief Report
1065,"Thomas L. Griffiths,","Department of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",0,Bayes and Blickets: Effects of Knowledge on Causal Induction in Children and Adults,Extended Article
1065,"David M. Sobel,","Department of Cognitive and Linguistic Sciences, Brown University",0,Bayes and Blickets: Effects of Knowledge on Causal Induction in Children and Adults,Extended Article
1065,"Joshua B. Tenenbaum,","Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology",0,Bayes and Blickets: Effects of Knowledge on Causal Induction in Children and Adults,Extended Article
1065,Alison Gopnik,"Department of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",0,Bayes and Blickets: Effects of Knowledge on Causal Induction in Children and Adults,Extended Article
1066,"Phillip Wolff,","Department of Psychology, Emory University",0,Structure-Mapping in Metaphor Comprehension,Regular Article
1066,Dedre Gentner,"Department of Psychology, Northwestern University",0,Structure-Mapping in Metaphor Comprehension,Regular Article
1067,"Joseph P. Magliano,","Department of Psychology, Northern Illinois University",0,The Impact of Continuity Editing in Narrative Film on Event Segmentation,Regular Article
1067,Jeffrey M. Zacks,"Department of Psychology, Washington University in Saint Louis",0,The Impact of Continuity Editing in Narrative Film on Event Segmentation,Regular Article
1068,"Jennifer S. Trueblood,Cognitive Science Program, Indiana University",NaN,0,A Quantum Probability Account of Order Effects in Inference,Regular Article
1068,"Jerome R. BusemeyerCognitive Science Program, Indiana University",NaN,0,A Quantum Probability Account of Order Effects in Inference,Regular Article
1069,"Tom Stafford,Department of Psychology, University of Sheffield",NaN,0,Piéron's Law Holds During Stroop Conflict: Insights Into the Architecture of Decision Making,Brief Report
1069,"Leanne Ingram,Department of Psychology, University of Sheffield",NaN,0,Piéron's Law Holds During Stroop Conflict: Insights Into the Architecture of Decision Making,Brief Report
1069,"Kevin N. GurneyDepartment of Psychology, University of Sheffield",NaN,0,Piéron's Law Holds During Stroop Conflict: Insights Into the Architecture of Decision Making,Brief Report
1070,"Michael H. Connors,","Department of Psychology, University of Sydney",0,Expertise in Complex Decision Making: The Role of Search in Chess 70 Years After de Groot,Brief Report
1070,"Bruce D. Burns,","Department of Psychology, University of Sydney",0,Expertise in Complex Decision Making: The Role of Search in Chess 70 Years After de Groot,Brief Report
1070,Guillermo Campitelli,"School of Psychology and Social Science, Edith Cowan University",0,Expertise in Complex Decision Making: The Role of Search in Chess 70 Years After de Groot,Brief Report
1071,"Michelene T. H. Chi,","Department of Psychology, Arizona State University",0,Misconceived Causal Explanations for Emergent Processes,Extended Article
1071,"Rod D. Roscoe,","Learning Sciences Institute, Arizona State University",0,Misconceived Causal Explanations for Emergent Processes,Extended Article
1071,"James D. Slotta,","Ontario Institute for Studies in Education, University of Toronto",0,Misconceived Causal Explanations for Emergent Processes,Extended Article
1071,"Marguerite Roy,",Medical Council of Canada,0,Misconceived Causal Explanations for Emergent Processes,Extended Article
1071,Catherine C. Chase,"Department of Psychology and the Human Computer Interaction Institute,Carnegie Mellon University",0,Misconceived Causal Explanations for Emergent Processes,Extended Article
1072,"Leendert van Maanen,","Cognitive Science Center Amsterdam, University of Amsterdam and Department of Artificial Intelligence, University of Groningen",0,"RACE/A: An Architectural Account of the Interactions Between Learning, Task Control, and Retrieval Dynamics",Regular Article
1072,"Hedderik van Rijn,","Departments of Psychology and Department of Artificial Intelligence, University of Groningen",0,"RACE/A: An Architectural Account of the Interactions Between Learning, Task Control, and Retrieval Dynamics",Regular Article
1072,Niels Taatgen,"Department of Artificial Intelligence, University of Groningen",0,"RACE/A: An Architectural Account of the Interactions Between Learning, Task Control, and Retrieval Dynamics",Regular Article
1073,"Soonja Choi,","Department of Linguistics and Asian/Middle Eastern Languages, San Diego State University",0,Relative Contribution of Perception/Cognition and Language on Spatial Categorization,Regular Article
1073,Kate Hattrup,"Department of Psychology, San Diego State University",0,Relative Contribution of Perception/Cognition and Language on Spatial Categorization,Regular Article
1074,"Caleb Everett,","Department of Anthropology, University of Miami",0,Quantity Recognition Among Speakers of an Anumeric Language,Brief Report
1074,Keren Madora,"Department of Anthropology, University of Miami",0,Quantity Recognition Among Speakers of an Anumeric Language,Brief Report
1075,"Yasmine B. SandersonDepartment of Mathematics, Friedrich-Alexander University Erlangen–Nürnberg",NaN,0,"Color Charts, Esthetics, and Subjective Randomness",Brief Report
1076,"Jay B. Martin,","Department of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",0,Testing the Efficiency of Markov Chain Monte Carlo With People Using Facial Affect Categories,Brief Report
1076,"Thomas L. Griffiths,","Department of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",0,Testing the Efficiency of Markov Chain Monte Carlo With People Using Facial Affect Categories,Brief Report
1076,Adam N. Sanborn,"Department of Psychology, University of Warwick",0,Testing the Efficiency of Markov Chain Monte Carlo With People Using Facial Affect Categories,Brief Report
1077,"Joseph M. Paxton,","Department of Psychology, Harvard University",0,Reflection and Reasoning in Moral Judgment,Brief Report
1077,"Leo Ungar,",Stanford University School of Medicine,0,Reflection and Reasoning in Moral Judgment,Brief Report
1077,Joshua D. Greene,"Department of Psychology, Harvard University",0,Reflection and Reasoning in Moral Judgment,Brief Report
1078,"Esther Klein,","Asian Studies Program, University of Illinois at Chicago",0,Did the Chinese Have a Change of Heart?,Letter to Editor
1078,Colin Klein,"Department of Philosophy, University of Illinois at Chicago",0,Did the Chinese Have a Change of Heart?,Letter to Editor
1079,"Edward Slingerland,","Department of Asian Studies, University of British Columbia",0,The Challenges of Qualitatively Coding Ancient Texts,Letter to Editor
1079,Maciej Chudek,"Department of Psychology, University of British Columbia",0,The Challenges of Qualitatively Coding Ancient Texts,Letter to Editor
1080,"Daniel J. Navarro,","School of Psychology, University of Adelaide",0,Sampling Assumptions in Inductive Generalization,Extended Article
1080,"Matthew J. Dry,","School of Psychology, University of Adelaide",0,Sampling Assumptions in Inductive Generalization,Extended Article
1080,Michael D. Lee,"Department of Cognitive Sciences, University of California, Irvine",0,Sampling Assumptions in Inductive Generalization,Extended Article
1081,"Sarah C. Creel,Department of Cognitive Science, University of California, San Diego",NaN,0,Online Recognition of Music Is Influenced by Relative and Absolute Pitch Information,Extended Article
1081,"Melanie A. TumlinDepartment of Cognitive Science, University of California, San Diego",NaN,0,Online Recognition of Music Is Influenced by Relative and Absolute Pitch Information,Extended Article
1082,"Caren A. Frosch,","School of Psychology, Queen’s University Belfast",0,Are Causal Structure and Intervention Judgments Inextricably Linked? A Developmental Study,Regular Article
1082,"Teresa McCormack,","School of Psychology, Queen’s University Belfast",0,Are Causal Structure and Intervention Judgments Inextricably Linked? A Developmental Study,Regular Article
1082,"David A. Lagnado,","Division of Psychology and Language Sciences, University College London",0,Are Causal Structure and Intervention Judgments Inextricably Linked? A Developmental Study,Regular Article
1082,Patrick Burns,"Department of Experimental Psychology, University of Cambridge",0,Are Causal Structure and Intervention Judgments Inextricably Linked? A Developmental Study,Regular Article
1083,"Joanne Arciuli,Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Sydney",NaN,0,Statistical Learning Is Related to Reading Ability in Children and Adults,Regular Article
1083,"Ian C. SimpsonFaculty of Health Sciences, University of Sydney",NaN,0,Statistical Learning Is Related to Reading Ability in Children and Adults,Regular Article
1084,"Ilker Yildirim,Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester",NaN,0,A Rational Analysis of the Acquisition of Multisensory Representations,Regular Article
1084,"Robert A. JacobsDepartment of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester",NaN,0,A Rational Analysis of the Acquisition of Multisensory Representations,Regular Article
1085,"Christian P. Janssen,","UCL Interaction Centre, University College London",0,"When, What, and How Much to Reward in Reinforcement Learning-Based Models of Cognition",Brief Report
1085,Wayne D. Gray,"Cognitive Science Department, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute",0,"When, What, and How Much to Reward in Reinforcement Learning-Based Models of Cognition",Brief Report
1086,"Daniel Casasanto,","Neurobiology of Language Department, Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics",0,Handedness Shapes Children’s Abstract Concepts,Brief Report
1086,Tania Henetz,"Department of Psychology, Stanford University",0,Handedness Shapes Children’s Abstract Concepts,Brief Report
1087,"Natalie A. Wyer,","School of Psychology, University of Plymouth",0,Individual Differences in (Non-Visual) Processing Style Predict the Face Inversion Effect,Brief Report
1087,"Douglas Martin,","School of Psychology, University of Aberdeen",0,Individual Differences in (Non-Visual) Processing Style Predict the Face Inversion Effect,Brief Report
1087,"Tracey Pickup,","School of Psychology, University of Plymouth",0,Individual Differences in (Non-Visual) Processing Style Predict the Face Inversion Effect,Brief Report
1087,C. Neil Macrae,"School of Psychology, University of Aberdeen",0,Individual Differences in (Non-Visual) Processing Style Predict the Face Inversion Effect,Brief Report
1088,"Kurt StockerInstitute of Cognitive and Brain Sciences,University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,The Time Machine in Our Mind,Extended Article
1089,"Jean M. MandlerUniversity of California, San Diego and University College London",NaN,0,On the Spatial Foundations of the Conceptual System and Its Enrichment,Extended Article
1090,"Sheng Kung Michael Yi,","Department of Cognitive Science, University of California, Irvine",0,The Wisdom of the Crowd in Combinatorial Problems,Regular Article
1090,"Mark Steyvers,","Department of Cognitive Science, University of California, Irvine",0,The Wisdom of the Crowd in Combinatorial Problems,Regular Article
1090,"Michael D. Lee,","Department of Cognitive Science, University of California, Irvine",0,The Wisdom of the Crowd in Combinatorial Problems,Regular Article
1090,Matthew J. Dry,"Discipline of Pharmacology, University of Adelaide",0,The Wisdom of the Crowd in Combinatorial Problems,Regular Article
1091,"Evelina Fedorenko,",NaN,0,Processing Relative Clauses in Supportive Contexts,Regular Article
1091,,"  These authors contributed equally to this work.Steve Piantadosi,Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, MIT",0,Processing Relative Clauses in Supportive Contexts,Regular Article
1091,Edward Gibson,NaN,0,Processing Relative Clauses in Supportive Contexts,Regular Article
1091,,  These authors contributed equally to this work.,0,Processing Relative Clauses in Supportive Contexts,Regular Article
1092,"Guy Hawkins,","School of Psychology, University of Newcastle",0,Context Effects in Multi-Alternative Decision Making: Empirical Data and a Bayesian Model,Regular Article
1092,"Scott D. Brown,","School of Psychology, University of Newcastle",0,Context Effects in Multi-Alternative Decision Making: Empirical Data and a Bayesian Model,Regular Article
1092,"Mark Steyvers,","Department of Cognitive Sciences, University of California, Irvine",0,Context Effects in Multi-Alternative Decision Making: Empirical Data and a Bayesian Model,Regular Article
1092,Eric-Jan Wagenmakers,"Department of Psychology, University of Amsterdam",0,Context Effects in Multi-Alternative Decision Making: Empirical Data and a Bayesian Model,Regular Article
1093,"Laura Lakusta,","Department of Psychology, Montclair State University",0,Language and Memory for Motion Events: Origins of the Asymmetry Between Source and Goal Paths,Regular Article
1093,Barbara Landau,"Department of Cognitive Science, Johns Hopkins University",0,Language and Memory for Motion Events: Origins of the Asymmetry Between Source and Goal Paths,Regular Article
1094,"Sumarga H. Suanda,Department of Psychology, Emory University",NaN,0,Detailed Behavioral Analysis as a Window Into Cross-Situational Word Learning,Brief Report
1094,"Laura L. NamyDepartment of Psychology, Emory University",NaN,0,Detailed Behavioral Analysis as a Window Into Cross-Situational Word Learning,Brief Report
1095,"Jun Zhang,","Department of Psychology, University of Michigan",0,Perspective-Taking and Depth of Theory-of-Mind Reasoning in Sequential-Move Games,Brief Report
1095,"Trey Hedden,","Department of Radiology, Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical School",0,Perspective-Taking and Depth of Theory-of-Mind Reasoning in Sequential-Move Games,Brief Report
1095,Adrian Chia,"Department of Psychology, University of Michigan",0,Perspective-Taking and Depth of Theory-of-Mind Reasoning in Sequential-Move Games,Brief Report
1096,"Thomas Hannagan,Cognitive Science Laboratory, CNRS Aix-Marseille University 3",NaN,0,Protein Analysis Meets Visual Word Recognition: A Case for String Kernels in the Brain,Extended Article
1096,"Jonathan GraingerCognitive Science Laboratory, CNRS Aix-Marseille University 3",NaN,0,Protein Analysis Meets Visual Word Recognition: A Case for String Kernels in the Brain,Extended Article
1097,"John Voiklis,","Center for Decision Technologies, Stevens Insitute of Technology, Hoboken, NJ",0,Conventional Wisdom: Negotiating Conventions of Reference Enhances Category Learning,Regular Article
1097,James E. Corter,"Department of Human Development, Teachers College, Columbia University",0,Conventional Wisdom: Negotiating Conventions of Reference Enhances Category Learning,Regular Article
1098,"Walter KintschDepartment of Psychology and Neuroscience, Institute of Cognitive Science, University of Colorado",NaN,0,Musings About Beauty,Regular Article
1099,"Marc Ettlinger,","Research Service, Veterans Affairs, Northern California Health Care System",0,The Effect of Sonority on Word Segmentation: Evidence for the Use of a Phonological Universal,Regular Article
1099,"Amy S. Finn,","Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology",0,The Effect of Sonority on Word Segmentation: Evidence for the Use of a Phonological Universal,Regular Article
1099,Carla L. Hudson Kam,"Department of Linguistics, University of British Columbia",0,The Effect of Sonority on Word Segmentation: Evidence for the Use of a Phonological Universal,Regular Article
1100,"Till D. Frank,Center for the Ecological Study of Perception and Action, University of Connecticut",NaN,0,Symmetry Breaking Analysis of Prism Adaptation’s Latent Aftereffect,Regular Article
1100,"Julia J. C. Blau,Center for the Ecological Study of Perception and Action, University of Connecticut",NaN,0,Symmetry Breaking Analysis of Prism Adaptation’s Latent Aftereffect,Regular Article
1100,"Michael T. TurveyCenter for the Ecological Study of Perception and Action, University of Connecticut",NaN,0,Symmetry Breaking Analysis of Prism Adaptation’s Latent Aftereffect,Regular Article
1101,"Ulf Liszkowski,","Max Planck Research Group Communication Before Language, Nijmegen",0,A Prelinguistic Gestural Universal of Human Communication,Brief Report
1101,"Penny Brown,","Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics, Nijmegen",0,A Prelinguistic Gestural Universal of Human Communication,Brief Report
1101,"Tara Callaghan,","Psychology Department, St. Francis Xavier University",0,A Prelinguistic Gestural Universal of Human Communication,Brief Report
1101,"Akira Takada,","Graduate School of Asian and African Area Studies, Kyoto University",0,A Prelinguistic Gestural Universal of Human Communication,Brief Report
1101,Conny de Vos,"Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics, Nijmegen",0,A Prelinguistic Gestural Universal of Human Communication,Brief Report
1102,"Stephan Verschoor,","Department of Cognitive Psychology, Leiden University",0,Primacy of Information About Means Selection Over Outcome Selection in Goal Attribution by Infants,Brief Report
1102,Szilvia Biro,"Department of Cognitive Psychology, Leiden University",0,Primacy of Information About Means Selection Over Outcome Selection in Goal Attribution by Infants,Brief Report
1103,"Paul VogtTilburg Centre for Cognition and Communication, Tilburg University",NaN,0,Exploring the Robustness of Cross-Situational Learning Under Zipfian Distributions,Brief Report
1104,"Sara FinleyDepartment of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester",NaN,0,Testing the Limits of Long-Distance Learning: Learning Beyond a Three-Segment Window,Brief Report
1105,"Kenneth R. Koedinger,","Human-Computer Interaction Institute and Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University",0,The Knowledge-Learning-Instruction Framework: Bridging the Science-Practice Chasm to Enhance Robust Student Learning,Extended Article
1105,"Albert T. Corbett,","Human-Computer Interaction Institute, Carnegie Mellon University",0,The Knowledge-Learning-Instruction Framework: Bridging the Science-Practice Chasm to Enhance Robust Student Learning,Extended Article
1105,Charles Perfetti,"Learning Research & Development Center and Department of Psychology, University of Pittsburgh",0,The Knowledge-Learning-Instruction Framework: Bridging the Science-Practice Chasm to Enhance Robust Student Learning,Extended Article
1106,"Kees van Deemter,","Computing Science Department, University of Aberdeen",0,Generation of Referring Expressions: Assessing the Incremental Algorithm,Regular Article
1106,"Albert Gatt,","Institute of Linguistics, University of Malta and Communication and Cognition, Tilburg University",0,Generation of Referring Expressions: Assessing the Incremental Algorithm,Regular Article
1106,"Ielka van der Sluis,","Centre for Next Generation Localisation, Trinity College Dublin",0,Generation of Referring Expressions: Assessing the Incremental Algorithm,Regular Article
1106,Richard Power,"Mathematics, Computing and Technology, Open University, Milton Keynes",0,Generation of Referring Expressions: Assessing the Incremental Algorithm,Regular Article
1107,"Emiel Krahmer,","Tilburg Center for Cognition and Communication (TiCC),Tilburg University",0,Is It That Difficult to Find a Good Preference Order for the Incremental Algorithm?,Regular Article
1107,"Ruud Koolen,","Tilburg Center for Cognition and Communication (TiCC),Tilburg University",0,Is It That Difficult to Find a Good Preference Order for the Incremental Algorithm?,Regular Article
1107,Mariët Theune,"Human-Media Interaction, University of Twente",0,Is It That Difficult to Find a Good Preference Order for the Incremental Algorithm?,Regular Article
1108,"Kees van Deemter,","Department of Computing Science, University of Aberdeen",0,Assessing the Incremental Algorithm: A Response to Krahmer et al.,Regular Article
1108,"Albert Gatt,","Institute of Linguistics, University of Malta and Communication and Cognition, Tilburg University",0,Assessing the Incremental Algorithm: A Response to Krahmer et al.,Regular Article
1108,"Ielka van der Sluis,","Centre for Next Generation Localisation, Trinity College Dublin",0,Assessing the Incremental Algorithm: A Response to Krahmer et al.,Regular Article
1108,Richard Power,"Mathematics, Computing, and Technology, Open University, Milton Keynes",0,Assessing the Incremental Algorithm: A Response to Krahmer et al.,Regular Article
1109,"Benjamin G. Purzycki,","Department of Anthropology, University of Connecticut",0,What Does God Know? Supernatural Agents’ Access to Socially Strategic and Non-Strategic Information,Regular Article
1109,"Daniel N. Finkel,","Department of Anthropology, University of Connecticut",0,What Does God Know? Supernatural Agents’ Access to Socially Strategic and Non-Strategic Information,Regular Article
1109,"John Shaver,","Department of Anthropology, University of Connecticut",0,What Does God Know? Supernatural Agents’ Access to Socially Strategic and Non-Strategic Information,Regular Article
1109,"Nathan Wales,","Department of Anthropology, University of Connecticut",0,What Does God Know? Supernatural Agents’ Access to Socially Strategic and Non-Strategic Information,Regular Article
1109,"Adam B. Cohen,","Department of Psychology, Arizona State University",0,What Does God Know? Supernatural Agents’ Access to Socially Strategic and Non-Strategic Information,Regular Article
1109,Richard Sosis,"Department of Anthropology, University of Connecticut",0,What Does God Know? Supernatural Agents’ Access to Socially Strategic and Non-Strategic Information,Regular Article
1110,"Marco MirolliInstitute of Cognitive Sciences and Technologies, Rome",NaN,0,Representations in Dynamical Embodied Agents: Re-Analyzing a Minimally Cognitive Model Agent,Regular Article
1111,"Tali Bitan,","Department of Communication Sciences and Disorders, University of Haifa",0,Offline Improvement in Learning to Read a Novel Orthography Depends on Direct Letter Instruction,Regular Article
1111,James R. Booth,"Department of Communication Sciences and Disorders, Northwestern University",0,Offline Improvement in Learning to Read a Novel Orthography Depends on Direct Letter Instruction,Regular Article
1112,"Benjamin M. Rottman,","Department of Hospital Medicine, University of Chicago",0,Causal Systems Categories: Differences in Novice and Expert Categorization of Causal Phenomena,Brief Report
1112,"Dedre Gentner,","Department of Psychology, Northwestern University",0,Causal Systems Categories: Differences in Novice and Expert Categorization of Causal Phenomena,Brief Report
1112,Micah B. Goldwater,"Department of Psychology, Northwestern University",0,Causal Systems Categories: Differences in Novice and Expert Categorization of Causal Phenomena,Brief Report
1113,"Katherine Yoshida,","Department of Psychology, New York University",0,Exclusion Constraints Facilitate Statistical Word Learning,Brief Report
1113,"Mijke Rhemtulla,","Center for Research Methods and Data Analysis, University of Kansas",0,Exclusion Constraints Facilitate Statistical Word Learning,Brief Report
1113,Athena Vouloumanos,"Department of Psychology, New York University",0,Exclusion Constraints Facilitate Statistical Word Learning,Brief Report
1114,"Anup Doshi,","University of California, San Diego",0,Sequential Dependencies in Driving,Brief Report
1114,"Cuong Tran,","University of California, San Diego",0,Sequential Dependencies in Driving,Brief Report
1114,"Matthew H. Wilder,","University of Colorado, Boulder",0,Sequential Dependencies in Driving,Brief Report
1114,"Michael C. Mozer,","University of Colorado, Boulder",0,Sequential Dependencies in Driving,Brief Report
1114,Mohan M. Trivedi,"University of California, San Diego",0,Sequential Dependencies in Driving,Brief Report
1115,"Rafael E. Núñez,","Department of Cognitive Science, University of California San Diego",0,Facing the Sunrise: Cultural Worldview Underlying Intrinsic-Based Encoding of Absolute Frames of Reference in Aymara,Regular Article
1115,Carlos Cornejo,"Department of Psychology, Pontifical Catholic University of Chile",0,Facing the Sunrise: Cultural Worldview Underlying Intrinsic-Based Encoding of Absolute Frames of Reference in Aymara,Regular Article
1116,"Michael Gibbert,","Department of Communication Sciences, Lugano University",0,The Curious Case of the Refrigerator–TV: Similarity and Hybridization,Regular Article
1116,"James A. Hampton,","Department of Psychology, City University London",0,The Curious Case of the Refrigerator–TV: Similarity and Hybridization,Regular Article
1116,"Zachary Estes,","Department of Marketing, Bocconi University",0,The Curious Case of the Refrigerator–TV: Similarity and Hybridization,Regular Article
1116,David Mazursky,"Department of Marketing, Bocconi University",0,The Curious Case of the Refrigerator–TV: Similarity and Hybridization,Regular Article
1117,"Eyal Sagi,Department of Psychology, Northwestern University",NaN,0,What Difference Reveals About Similarity,Regular Article
1117,"Dedre Gentner,Department of Psychology, Northwestern University",NaN,0,What Difference Reveals About Similarity,Regular Article
1117,"Andrew LovettDepartment of Psychology, Northwestern University",NaN,0,What Difference Reveals About Similarity,Regular Article
1118,"Julio Santiago,","Department of Experimental Psychology and Physiology of Behavior, University of Granada",0,Attentional Factors in Conceptual Congruency,Regular Article
1118,"Marc Ouellet,","Department of Experimental Psychology and Physiology of Behavior, University of Granada",0,Attentional Factors in Conceptual Congruency,Regular Article
1118,"Antonio Román,","Department of Experimental Psychology and Physiology of Behavior, University of Granada",0,Attentional Factors in Conceptual Congruency,Regular Article
1118,Javier Valenzuela,"Department of English Philology, University of Murcia",0,Attentional Factors in Conceptual Congruency,Regular Article
1119,"Julia Uddén,","Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics, Nijmegen, The Netherlands",0,Implicit Acquisition of Grammars With Crossed and Nested Non-Adjacent Dependencies: Investigating the Push-Down Stack Model,Regular Article
1119,"Martin Ingvar,","Cognitive Neurophysiology Research Group, Stockholm Brain Institute, Department of Clinical Neuroscience, Karolinska Institute",0,Implicit Acquisition of Grammars With Crossed and Nested Non-Adjacent Dependencies: Investigating the Push-Down Stack Model,Regular Article
1119,"Peter Hagoort,","Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics, Nijmegen, The Netherlands",0,Implicit Acquisition of Grammars With Crossed and Nested Non-Adjacent Dependencies: Investigating the Push-Down Stack Model,Regular Article
1119,Karl M. Petersson,"Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics, Nijmegen, The Netherlands",0,Implicit Acquisition of Grammars With Crossed and Nested Non-Adjacent Dependencies: Investigating the Push-Down Stack Model,Regular Article
1120,"Brett K. Hayes,","School of Psychology, University of New South Wales",0,The Development of Causal Categorization,Regular Article
1120,Bob Rehder,"Department of Psychology, New York University",0,The Development of Causal Categorization,Regular Article
1121,"James Bartolotti,Department of Communication Sciences and Disorders, Northwestern University",NaN,0,Language Learning and Control in Monolinguals and Bilinguals,Brief Report
1121,"Viorica MarianDepartment of Communication Sciences and Disorders, Northwestern University",NaN,0,Language Learning and Control in Monolinguals and Bilinguals,Brief Report
1122,"James Dungan,Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology",NaN,0,Matched False-Belief Performance During Verbal and Nonverbal Interference,Brief Report
1122,"Rebecca SaxeDepartment of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology",NaN,0,Matched False-Belief Performance During Verbal and Nonverbal Interference,Brief Report
1123,"Emily Mather,Department of Experimental Psychology, University of Oxford",NaN,0,The Role of Novelty in Early Word Learning,Regular Article
1123,"Kim PlunkettDepartment of Experimental Psychology, University of Oxford",NaN,0,The Role of Novelty in Early Word Learning,Regular Article
1124,"Bénédicte Bes,","Laboratoire CLLE-LTC, Université de Toulouse",0,Non-Bayesian Inference: Causal Structure Trumps Correlation,Regular Article
1124,"Steven Sloman,","Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences, Brown University",0,Non-Bayesian Inference: Causal Structure Trumps Correlation,Regular Article
1124,"Christopher G. Lucas,","Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh",0,Non-Bayesian Inference: Causal Structure Trumps Correlation,Regular Article
1124,Éric Raufaste,"Laboratoire CLLE-LTC, Université de Toulouse",0,Non-Bayesian Inference: Causal Structure Trumps Correlation,Regular Article
1125,"Moreno I. Coco,Institute for Language, Cognition and Computation, School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,Scan Patterns Predict Sentence Production in the Cross-Modal Processing of Visual Scenes,Regular Article
1125,"Frank KellerInstitute for Language, Cognition and Computation, School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,Scan Patterns Predict Sentence Production in the Cross-Modal Processing of Visual Scenes,Regular Article
1126,"Sandeep Prasada,Hunter College, CUNY",NaN,0,Conceptual and Linguistic Representations of Kinds and Classes,Regular Article
1126,"Laura Hennefield,Hunter College, CUNY",NaN,0,Conceptual and Linguistic Representations of Kinds and Classes,Regular Article
1126,"Daniel OtapHunter College, CUNY",NaN,0,Conceptual and Linguistic Representations of Kinds and Classes,Regular Article
1127,"Henrik Saalbach,","Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH), Zurich",0,Grammatical Gender and Inferences About Biological Properties in German-Speaking Children,Regular Article
1127,"Mutsumi Imai,","Department of Environmental Information, Keio University, Shonan-Fujisawa",0,Grammatical Gender and Inferences About Biological Properties in German-Speaking Children,Regular Article
1127,Lennart Schalk,"Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH), Zurich",0,Grammatical Gender and Inferences About Biological Properties in German-Speaking Children,Regular Article
1128,"Paul Ibbotson,","Max Planck Child Study Centre, University of Manchester",0,Semantics of the Transitive Construction: Prototype Effects and Developmental Comparisons,Regular Article
1128,"Anna L. Theakston,","School of Psychological Sciences, University of Manchester",0,Semantics of the Transitive Construction: Prototype Effects and Developmental Comparisons,Regular Article
1128,"Elena V. M. Lieven,","Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology, Leipzig and School of Psychological Sciences, University of Manchester",0,Semantics of the Transitive Construction: Prototype Effects and Developmental Comparisons,Regular Article
1128,Michael Tomasello,"Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology, Leipzig",0,Semantics of the Transitive Construction: Prototype Effects and Developmental Comparisons,Regular Article
1129,"Kumiko Fukumura,",,0,Producing Pronouns and Definite Noun Phrases: Do Speakers Use the Addressee’s Discourse Model?,Regular Article
1129,Roger P.G. van Gompel,,0,Producing Pronouns and Definite Noun Phrases: Do Speakers Use the Addressee’s Discourse Model?,Regular Article
1130,"Ting Qian,","Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester",0,Cue Effectiveness in Communicatively Efficient Discourse Production,Brief Report
1130,T. Florian Jaeger,"Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester",0,Cue Effectiveness in Communicatively Efficient Discourse Production,Brief Report
1132,"Itamar Lerner,","Interdisciplinary Center for Neural Computation, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem",0,Spreading Activation in an Attractor Network With Latching Dynamics: Automatic Semantic Priming Revisited,Extended Article
1132,"Shlomo Bentin,","Interdisciplinary Center for Neural Computation, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem",0,Spreading Activation in an Attractor Network With Latching Dynamics: Automatic Semantic Priming Revisited,Extended Article
1132," Deceased July 13, 2012. Oren Shriki","Section on Critical Brain Dynamics, National Institute of Mental Health",0,Spreading Activation in an Attractor Network With Latching Dynamics: Automatic Semantic Priming Revisited,Extended Article
1133,"Alex Shaw,Department of Psychology, Yale University",NaN,0,Children Apply Principles of Physical Ownership to Ideas,Regular Article
1133,"Vivian Li,Department of Psychology, Yale University",NaN,0,Children Apply Principles of Physical Ownership to Ideas,Regular Article
1133,"Kristina R. OlsonDepartment of Psychology, Yale University",NaN,0,Children Apply Principles of Physical Ownership to Ideas,Regular Article
1134,"Max M. Louwerse,","Department of Psychology, University of Memphis",0,Behavior Matching in Multimodal Communication Is Synchronized,Regular Article
1134,"Rick Dale,","Cognitive and Information Sciences, University of California, Merced",0,Behavior Matching in Multimodal Communication Is Synchronized,Regular Article
1134,"Ellen G. Bard,","Department of Psychology, University of Edinburgh",0,Behavior Matching in Multimodal Communication Is Synchronized,Regular Article
1134,Patrick Jeuniaux,University of Memphis,0,Behavior Matching in Multimodal Communication Is Synchronized,Regular Article
1135,"Charles W. Kalish,Department of Educational Psychology, University of Wisconsin-Madison",NaN,0,How Young Children Learn From Examples: Descriptive and Inferential Problems,Regular Article
1135,"Sunae Kim,Department of Educational Psychology, University of Wisconsin-Madison",NaN,0,How Young Children Learn From Examples: Descriptive and Inferential Problems,Regular Article
1135,"Andrew G. YoungDepartment of Educational Psychology, University of Wisconsin-Madison",NaN,0,How Young Children Learn From Examples: Descriptive and Inferential Problems,Regular Article
1136,"Tad T. Brunyé,","Department of Psychology, Tufts University",0,The Fabric of Thought: Priming Tactile Properties During Reading Influences Direct Tactile Perception,Regular Article
1136,"Eliza K. Walters,","Department of Psychology, Tufts University",0,The Fabric of Thought: Priming Tactile Properties During Reading Influences Direct Tactile Perception,Regular Article
1136,"Tali Ditman,","Department of Psychology, Tufts University",0,The Fabric of Thought: Priming Tactile Properties During Reading Influences Direct Tactile Perception,Regular Article
1136,"Stephanie A. Gagnon,","Department of Psychology, Tufts University",0,The Fabric of Thought: Priming Tactile Properties During Reading Influences Direct Tactile Perception,Regular Article
1136,"Caroline R. Mahoney,","Department of Psychology, Tufts University",0,The Fabric of Thought: Priming Tactile Properties During Reading Influences Direct Tactile Perception,Regular Article
1136,Holly A. Taylor,"Department of Psychology, Tufts University",0,The Fabric of Thought: Priming Tactile Properties During Reading Influences Direct Tactile Perception,Regular Article
1137,"Jennifer Culbertson,","Center for Language Sciences, University of Rochester",0,A Bayesian Model of Biases in Artificial Language Learning: The Case of a Word-Order Universal,Regular Article
1137,Paul Smolensky,"Cognitive Science Department, Johns Hopkins University",0,A Bayesian Model of Biases in Artificial Language Learning: The Case of a Word-Order Universal,Regular Article
1138,"Martial Mermillod,","Laboratoire de Psychologie et Neurocognition, UMR CNRS 5105, Université Pierre Mendès-France, Grenoble, France",0,Computational Evidence That Frequency Trajectory Theory Does Not Oppose But Emerges From Age-of-Acquisition Theory,Regular Article
1138,"Patrick Bonin,",Institut Universitaire de France,0,Computational Evidence That Frequency Trajectory Theory Does Not Oppose But Emerges From Age-of-Acquisition Theory,Regular Article
1138,"Alain Méot,","Clermont Université, Université Blaise Pascal, and CNRS",0,Computational Evidence That Frequency Trajectory Theory Does Not Oppose But Emerges From Age-of-Acquisition Theory,Regular Article
1138,"Ludovic Ferrand,","Clermont Université, Université Blaise Pascal, and CNRS",0,Computational Evidence That Frequency Trajectory Theory Does Not Oppose But Emerges From Age-of-Acquisition Theory,Regular Article
1138,Michel Paindavoine,Université de Bourgogne and CNRS,0,Computational Evidence That Frequency Trajectory Theory Does Not Oppose But Emerges From Age-of-Acquisition Theory,Regular Article
1139,"Tamara van Gog,","Institute of Psychology, Erasmus University Rotterdam",0,A Test of the Testing Effect: Acquiring Problem-Solving Skills From Worked Examples,Brief Report
1139,Liesbeth Kester,"CELSTEC, Open University of The Netherlands",0,A Test of the Testing Effect: Acquiring Problem-Solving Skills From Worked Examples,Brief Report
1140,"Pennie Dodds,School of Psychology, University of Newcastle",NaN,0,Perhaps Unidimensional Is Not Unidimensional,Brief Report
1140,"Babette Rae,School of Psychology, University of Newcastle",NaN,0,Perhaps Unidimensional Is Not Unidimensional,Brief Report
1140,"Scott BrownSchool of Psychology, University of Newcastle",NaN,0,Perhaps Unidimensional Is Not Unidimensional,Brief Report
1141,"Max M. Louwerse,Department of Psychology, University of Memphis",NaN,0,Representing Spatial Structure Through Maps and Language: Lord of the Rings Encodes the Spatial Structure of Middle Earth,Brief Report
1141,"Nick BeneshDepartment of Psychology, University of Memphis",NaN,0,Representing Spatial Structure Through Maps and Language: Lord of the Rings Encodes the Spatial Structure of Middle Earth,Brief Report
1142,"Sammy Perone,Department of Psychology and Delta Center, University of Iowa",NaN,0,Autonomy in Action: Linking the Act of Looking to Memory Formation in Infancy via Dynamic Neural Fields,Extended Article
1142,"John P. SpencerDepartment of Psychology and Delta Center, University of Iowa",NaN,0,Autonomy in Action: Linking the Act of Looking to Memory Formation in Infancy via Dynamic Neural Fields,Extended Article
1143,"Norman Fenton,","School of Electronic Engineering and Computer Science, Queen Mary University of London",0,A General Structure for Legal Arguments About Evidence Using Bayesian Networks,Extended Article
1143,"Martin Neil,","School of Electronic Engineering and Computer Science, Queen Mary University of London",0,A General Structure for Legal Arguments About Evidence Using Bayesian Networks,Extended Article
1143,David A. Lagnado,"Cognitive, Perceptual, and Brain Sciences Department, University College London",0,A General Structure for Legal Arguments About Evidence Using Bayesian Networks,Extended Article
1144,"Andrew Martin,",Laboratoire de Sciences Cognitives et Psycholinguistique (EHESS-ENS-CNRS),0,Learning Phonemes With a Proto-Lexicon,Regular Article
1144,"Sharon Peperkamp,",Laboratoire de Sciences Cognitives et Psycholinguistique (EHESS-ENS-CNRS),0,Learning Phonemes With a Proto-Lexicon,Regular Article
1144,Emmanuel Dupoux,Laboratoire de Sciences Cognitives et Psycholinguistique (EHESS-ENS-CNRS),0,Learning Phonemes With a Proto-Lexicon,Regular Article
1145,"Ana Sofia Morais,Max Planck Institute for Human Development, Berlin",NaN,0,Mapping the Structure of Semantic Memory,Regular Article
1145,"Henrik Olsson,Max Planck Institute for Human Development, Berlin",NaN,0,Mapping the Structure of Semantic Memory,Regular Article
1145,"Lael J. SchoolerMax Planck Institute for Human Development, Berlin",NaN,0,Mapping the Structure of Semantic Memory,Regular Article
1146,"Enkhbold Nyamsuren,"," Department of Artificial Intelligence, University of Groningen",0,Set as an Instance of a Real-World Visual-Cognitive Task,Regular Article
1146,Niels A. Taatgen," Department of Artificial Intelligence, University of Groningen",0,Set as an Instance of a Real-World Visual-Cognitive Task,Regular Article
1147,"Wen Wen,            Department of Psychology, University of Tokyo",NaN,0,Individual Differences in the Encoding Processes of Egocentric and Allocentric Survey Knowledge,Regular Article
1147,"Toru Ishikawa,            Center for Spatial Information Science, University of Tokyo",NaN,0,Individual Differences in the Encoding Processes of Egocentric and Allocentric Survey Knowledge,Regular Article
1147,"Takao Sato            Department of Psychology, University of Tokyo",NaN,0,Individual Differences in the Encoding Processes of Egocentric and Allocentric Survey Knowledge,Regular Article
1148,"Jean-François Bonnefon,",Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique and Université de Toulouse,0,The Causal Structure of Utility Conditionals,Brief Report
1148,Steven A. Sloman,"Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, & Psychological Sciences, Brown University",0,The Causal Structure of Utility Conditionals,Brief Report
1149,Atsushi Shimojima,NaN,0,An Eye-Tracking Study of Exploitations of Spatial Constraints in Diagrammatic Reasoning,Extended Article
1149,"Yasuhiro KatagiriDepartment of Media Architecture, Future University - Hakodate",NaN,0,An Eye-Tracking Study of Exploitations of Spatial Constraints in Diagrammatic Reasoning,Extended Article
1150,"Nancy J. Cooke,            Cognitive Science and Engineering, Arizona State University",NaN,0,Interactive Team Cognition,Regular Article
1150,"Jamie C. Gorman,            Department of Psychology, Texas Tech University",NaN,0,Interactive Team Cognition,Regular Article
1150,"Christopher W. Myers,            Air Force Research Laboratory",NaN,0,Interactive Team Cognition,Regular Article
1150,"Jasmine L. Duran            Lumir Research Institute, Inc.",NaN,0,Interactive Team Cognition,Regular Article
1151,"Panos Athanasopoulos,            School of Education, Communication, and Language Sciences, Newcastle University",NaN,0,Does Grammatical Aspect Affect Motion Event Cognition? A Cross-Linguistic Comparison of English and Swedish Speakers,Regular Article
1151,"Emanuel Bylund            Centre for Research on Bilingualism, Stockholm University",NaN,0,Does Grammatical Aspect Affect Motion Event Cognition? A Cross-Linguistic Comparison of English and Swedish Speakers,Regular Article
1152,"Erik D. Thiessen,","Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University",0,iMinerva: A Mathematical Model of Distributional Statistical Learning,Regular Article
1152,Philip I. Pavlik Jr.,"Department of Psychology, University of Memphis",0,iMinerva: A Mathematical Model of Distributional Statistical Learning,Regular Article
1153,"Brian Dillon,            Department of Linguistics, University of Massachusetts",NaN,0,A Single-Stage Approach to Learning Phonological Categories: Insights From Inuktitut,Regular Article
1153," These authors contributed equally to this work. Ewan Dunbar,            Department of Linguistics, University of Maryland",NaN,0,A Single-Stage Approach to Learning Phonological Categories: Insights From Inuktitut,Regular Article
1153," These authors contributed equally to this work. William Idsardi            Department of Linguistics and Program in Neuroscience and Cognitive Science, University of Maryland",NaN,0,A Single-Stage Approach to Learning Phonological Categories: Insights From Inuktitut,Regular Article
1154,Evelina Fedorenko,NaN,0,Direct Evidence of Memory Retrieval as a Source of Difficulty in Non-Local Dependencies in Language,Brief Report
1154,"Rebecca Woodbury,Department of Brain & Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology",NaN,0,Direct Evidence of Memory Retrieval as a Source of Difficulty in Non-Local Dependencies in Language,Brief Report
1154,"Edward GibsonDepartment of Brain & Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology",NaN,0,Direct Evidence of Memory Retrieval as a Source of Difficulty in Non-Local Dependencies in Language,Brief Report
1155,"Ruud Koolen,Tilburg Center for Cognition and Communication (TiCC), Tilburg University",NaN,0,The Effect of Scene Variation on the Redundant Use of Color in Definite Reference,Brief Report
1155,Martijn Goudbeek,NaN,0,The Effect of Scene Variation on the Redundant Use of Color in Definite Reference,Brief Report
1155,"Emiel KrahmerTilburg Center for Cognition and Communication (TiCC), Tilburg University",NaN,0,The Effect of Scene Variation on the Redundant Use of Color in Definite Reference,Brief Report
1156,"Neil CohnDepartment of Psychology, Tufts University",NaN,0,Visual Narrative Structure,Extended Article
1157,"Gualtiero Piccinini,","  Center for Neurodynamics, Department of Philosophy, University of Missouri – St. Louis",0,Neural Computation and the Computational Theory of Cognition,Regular Article
1157,Sonya Bahar,"  Center for Neurodynamics, Department of Physics and Astronomy, University of Missouri – St. Louis",0,Neural Computation and the Computational Theory of Cognition,Regular Article
1158,"Sophie Dufour,"," Laboratoire Parole et Langage, CNRS & Aix-Marseille University",0,Tracking the Time Course of Word-Frequency Effects in Auditory Word Recognition With Event-Related Potentials,Regular Article
1158,"Angèle Brunellière,"," Laboratoire URECA, Lille 3 University",0,Tracking the Time Course of Word-Frequency Effects in Auditory Word Recognition With Event-Related Potentials,Regular Article
1158,Ulrich H. Frauenfelder," Laboratoire de Psycholinguistique Expérimentale, Geneva University",0,Tracking the Time Course of Word-Frequency Effects in Auditory Word Recognition With Event-Related Potentials,Regular Article
1159,Ben Ambridge,NaN,0,How Do Children Restrict Their Linguistic Generalizations? An (Un-)Grammaticality Judgment Study,Regular Article
1160,Adrian P. Banks,NaN,0,The Influence of Activation Level on Belief Bias in Relational Reasoning,Regular Article
1161,Alex B. Fine,NaN,0,Evidence for Implicit Learning in Syntactic Comprehension,Brief Report
1161,"T. Florian JaegerDepartment of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of RochesterDepartment of Computer Science, University of Rochester",NaN,0,Evidence for Implicit Learning in Syntactic Comprehension,Brief Report
1162,Marjorie Rhodes,NaN,0,Constructing a New Theory From Old Ideas and New Evidence,Brief Report
1162,"Henry WellmanDepartment of Psychology, University of Michigan",NaN,0,Constructing a New Theory From Old Ideas and New Evidence,Brief Report
1163,"Richard P. Cooper,            Department of Psychological Sciences, Birkbeck, University of London",NaN,0,Are Automatic Imitation and Spatial Compatibility Mediated by Different Processes?,Regular Article
1163,"Caroline Catmur,            Department of Psychology, University of Surrey",NaN,0,Are Automatic Imitation and Spatial Compatibility Mediated by Different Processes?,Regular Article
1163,"Cecilia Heyes            All Souls College & Department of Experimental Psychology, University of Oxford",NaN,0,Are Automatic Imitation and Spatial Compatibility Mediated by Different Processes?,Regular Article
1164,Bennett I. Bertenthal,NaN,0,"In Praise of a Model but Not Its Conclusions: Commentary on Cooper, Catmur, and Heyes (2012)",Regular Article
1164,"Matthias ScheutzDepartment of Computer Science, Tufts University",NaN,0,"In Praise of a Model but Not Its Conclusions: Commentary on Cooper, Catmur, and Heyes (2012)",Regular Article
1165,Richard P. Cooper,NaN,0,Neither Shaken nor Stirred: Reply to Bertenthal and Scheutz,Regular Article
1165,"Caroline Catmur,Department of Psychology, University of Surrey",NaN,0,Neither Shaken nor Stirred: Reply to Bertenthal and Scheutz,Regular Article
1165,"Cecilia HeyesAll Souls College & Department of Experimental Psychology, University of Oxford",NaN,0,Neither Shaken nor Stirred: Reply to Bertenthal and Scheutz,Regular Article
1166,Gail D. Heyman,NaN,0,Young Children's Trust in Overtly Misleading Advice,Regular Article
1166,"Lalida Sritanyaratana,Department of Psychology, University of California, San Diego",NaN,0,Young Children's Trust in Overtly Misleading Advice,Regular Article
1166,"Kimberly E. VanderbiltDepartment of Psychology, University of California, San Diego",NaN,0,Young Children's Trust in Overtly Misleading Advice,Regular Article
1167,Meredith Meyer,NaN,0,Essentialist Beliefs About Bodily Transplants in the United States and India,Regular Article
1167,"Sarah-Jane Leslie,Department of Philosophy, Princeton University",NaN,0,Essentialist Beliefs About Bodily Transplants in the United States and India,Regular Article
1167,"Susan A. Gelman,Department of Psychology, University of Michigan",NaN,0,Essentialist Beliefs About Bodily Transplants in the United States and India,Regular Article
1167,"Sarah M. StilwellDepartment of Psychology, University of Michigan",NaN,0,Essentialist Beliefs About Bodily Transplants in the United States and India,Regular Article
1168,Igor Douven,NaN,0,The Probabilities of Conditionals Revisited,Regular Article
1168,"Sara VerbruggeLaboratory of Experimental Psychology, University of Leuven",NaN,0,The Probabilities of Conditionals Revisited,Regular Article
1169,Thomas Busey,NaN,0,Temporal Sequences Quantify the Contributions of Individual Fixations in Complex Perceptual Matching Tasks,Regular Article
1169,"Chen Yu,Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Indiana University",NaN,0,Temporal Sequences Quantify the Contributions of Individual Fixations in Complex Perceptual Matching Tasks,Regular Article
1169,"Dean Wyatte,Computational Cognitive Neuroscience Lab, University of Colorado",NaN,0,Temporal Sequences Quantify the Contributions of Individual Fixations in Complex Perceptual Matching Tasks,Regular Article
1169,John VanderkolkIndiana State Police Laboratory,NaN,0,Temporal Sequences Quantify the Contributions of Individual Fixations in Complex Perceptual Matching Tasks,Regular Article
1170,Vladislav D. Veksler,NaN,0,Goal-Proximity Decision-Making,Brief Report
1170,"Wayne D. Gray,Cognitive Science Department, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute",NaN,0,Goal-Proximity Decision-Making,Brief Report
1170,"Michael J. SchoellesCognitive Science Department, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute",NaN,0,Goal-Proximity Decision-Making,Brief Report
1171,David Landy,NaN,0,Estimating Large Numbers,Regular Article
1171,"Noah Silbert,Center for Advanced Study of Language, University of Maryland",NaN,0,Estimating Large Numbers,Regular Article
1171,Aleah GoldinUniversity of Richmond,NaN,0,Estimating Large Numbers,Regular Article
1172,Conrad Perry,NaN,0,A Computational and Empirical Investigation of Graphemes in Reading,Regular Article
1172,"Johannes C. Ziegler,Aix-Marseille Université and Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique",NaN,0,A Computational and Empirical Investigation of Graphemes in Reading,Regular Article
1172,"Marco ZorziDipartimento di Psicologia Generale and Center for Cognitive Science, Università di Padova",NaN,0,A Computational and Empirical Investigation of Graphemes in Reading,Regular Article
1173,Dario D. Salvucci,NaN,0,Integration and Reuse in Cognitive Skill Acquisition,Regular Article
1174,Janet H. Hsiao,NaN,0,The Modulation of Visual and Task Characteristics of a Writing System on Hemispheric Lateralization in Visual Word Recognition—A Computational Exploration,Regular Article
1174,"Sze Man LamDepartment of Psychology, University of Hong Kong",NaN,0,The Modulation of Visual and Task Characteristics of a Writing System on Hemispheric Lateralization in Visual Word Recognition—A Computational Exploration,Regular Article
1175,Daniel Yurovsky,NaN,0,Competitive Processes in Cross-Situational Word Learning,Regular Article
1175,"Chen Yu,Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences and Program in Cognitive Science, Indiana University",NaN,0,Competitive Processes in Cross-Situational Word Learning,Regular Article
1175,"Linda B. SmithDepartment of Psychological and Brain Sciences and Program in Cognitive Science, Indiana University",NaN,0,Competitive Processes in Cross-Situational Word Learning,Regular Article
1176,Stefan Sütterlin,NaN,0,Enhanced Cardiac Perception Is Associated With Increased Susceptibility to Framing Effects,Brief Report
1176,"Stefan M. Schulz,Department of Psychology, University of WürzburgComprehensive Heart Failure Center, University of Würzburg",NaN,0,Enhanced Cardiac Perception Is Associated With Increased Susceptibility to Framing Effects,Brief Report
1176,"Theresa Stumpf,Department of Psychology, University of WürzburgPsychosomatics and Psychotherapeutic Medicine, Nuremberg Hospital",NaN,0,Enhanced Cardiac Perception Is Associated With Increased Susceptibility to Framing Effects,Brief Report
1176,"Paul Pauli,Department of Psychology, University of WürzburgComprehensive Heart Failure Center, University of Würzburg",NaN,0,Enhanced Cardiac Perception Is Associated With Increased Susceptibility to Framing Effects,Brief Report
1176,"Claus VögeleResearch Unit INSIDE, University of Luxembourg",NaN,0,Enhanced Cardiac Perception Is Associated With Increased Susceptibility to Framing Effects,Brief Report
1177,Anne Springer,NaN,0,Dynamic Simulation and Static Matching for Action Prediction: Evidence From Body Part Priming,Brief Report
1177,"A.S. and S.B. contributed equally to this article.Simone Brandstädter,Department of Work and Organizational Psychology, University of Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany",NaN,0,Dynamic Simulation and Static Matching for Action Prediction: Evidence From Body Part Priming,Brief Report
1177,"A.S. and S.B. contributed equally to this article.Wolfgang PrinzMax Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences Leipzig, Leipzig, Germany",NaN,0,Dynamic Simulation and Static Matching for Action Prediction: Evidence From Body Part Priming,Brief Report
1178,Thomas L. Griffiths,NaN,0,The Effects of Cultural Transmission Are Modulated by the Amount of Information Transmitted,Brief Report
1178,"Stephan Lewandowsky,School of Psychology, University of Western Australia",NaN,0,The Effects of Cultural Transmission Are Modulated by the Amount of Information Transmitted,Brief Report
1178,"Michael L. KalishInstitute of Cognitive Science, University of Louisiana at Lafayette",NaN,0,The Effects of Cultural Transmission Are Modulated by the Amount of Information Transmitted,Brief Report
1179,Steven A. Sloman,NaN,0,Counterfactuals and Causal Models: Introduction to the Special Issue,Special
1180,Judea Pearl,NaN,0,Structural Counterfactuals: A Brief Introduction,Special
1181,Joseph Y. Halpern,NaN,0,Compact Representations of Extended Causal Models,Special
1181," Supported in part by NSF grants IIS-0812045 and IIS-0911036, AFOSR grant FA9550-08-1-0438 and AFOSR grants FA9550-08-1-0438 and FA9550-05-1-0055, and ARO grant W911NF-09-1-0281. Christopher HitchcockDivision of the Humanities and Social Sciences, California Institute of Technology",NaN,0,Compact Representations of Extended Causal Models,Special
1182,Ilya Shpitser,NaN,0,Counterfactual Graphical Models for Longitudinal Mediation Analysis With Unobserved Confounding,Special
1183,David A. Lagnado,NaN,0,Causal Responsibility and Counterfactuals,Special
1183,"Tobias Gerstenberg,Department of Cognitive, Perceptual & Brain Science, University College London",NaN,0,Causal Responsibility and Counterfactuals,Special
1183,"Ro'i ZultanDepartment of Economics, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev",NaN,0,Causal Responsibility and Counterfactuals,Special
1184,"Wolfgang SpohnDepartment of Philosophy, University of Konstanz",NaN,0,A Ranking-Theoretic Approach to Conditionals,Special
1185,Lance J. Rips,NaN,0,Inference and Explanation in Counterfactual Reasoning,Special
1185,Brian J. EdwardsPsychology Department Northwestern University,NaN,0,Inference and Explanation in Counterfactual Reasoning,Special
1186,Stefan Kaufmann,NaN,0,Causal Premise Semantics,Special
1187,Nick Chater,NaN,0,Programs as Causal Models: Speculations on Mental Programs and Mental Representation,Special
1187,"Mike OaksfordDepartment of Psychological Sciences, Birkbeck College, University of London",NaN,0,Programs as Causal Models: Speculations on Mental Programs and Mental Representation,Special
1188,Whitney Tabor,NaN,0,Birth of an Abstraction: A Dynamical Systems Account of the Discovery of an Elsewhere Principle in a Category Learning Task,Extended Article
1188,"Pyeong W. Cho,Haskins Laboratories, University of Connecticut",NaN,0,Birth of an Abstraction: A Dynamical Systems Account of the Discovery of an Elsewhere Principle in a Category Learning Task,Extended Article
1188,"Harry DankowiczDepartment of Mechanical Science and Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign",NaN,0,Birth of an Abstraction: A Dynamical Systems Account of the Discovery of an Elsewhere Principle in a Category Learning Task,Extended Article
1189,Marco Fabbri,NaN,0,The Mechanisms of Space-Time Association: Comparing Motor and Perceptual Contributions in Time Reproduction,Regular Article
1189,"Nicola Cellini,Department of General Psychology, University of Padua",NaN,0,The Mechanisms of Space-Time Association: Comparing Motor and Perceptual Contributions in Time Reproduction,Regular Article
1189,"Monica Martoni,Department of Specialized, Experimental and Diagnostic Medicine, University of Bologna",NaN,0,The Mechanisms of Space-Time Association: Comparing Motor and Perceptual Contributions in Time Reproduction,Regular Article
1189,"Lorenzo Tonetti,Department of Psychology, University of Bologna",NaN,0,The Mechanisms of Space-Time Association: Comparing Motor and Perceptual Contributions in Time Reproduction,Regular Article
1189,"Vincenzo NataleDepartment of Psychology, University of Bologna",NaN,0,The Mechanisms of Space-Time Association: Comparing Motor and Perceptual Contributions in Time Reproduction,Regular Article
1190,Konika Banerjee,NaN,0,Melting Lizards and Crying Mailboxes: Children's Preferential Recall of Minimally Counterintuitive Concepts,Regular Article
1190,"Omar S. Haque,Department of Psychology, Harvard University",NaN,0,Melting Lizards and Crying Mailboxes: Children's Preferential Recall of Minimally Counterintuitive Concepts,Regular Article
1190,"Elizabeth S. SpelkeDepartment of Psychology, Harvard University",NaN,0,Melting Lizards and Crying Mailboxes: Children's Preferential Recall of Minimally Counterintuitive Concepts,Regular Article
1191,Alexa R. Romberg,NaN,0,All Together Now: Concurrent Learning of Multiple Structures in an Artificial Language,Regular Article
1191,"Jenny R. SaffranDepartment of Psychology and Waisman Center, University of Wisconsin",NaN,0,All Together Now: Concurrent Learning of Multiple Structures in an Artificial Language,Regular Article
1192,"Alexander Provost,School of Psychology, University of Newcastle",NaN,0,Two Routes to Expertise in Mental Rotation,Regular Article
1192,"Blake Johnson,ARC Centre of Excellence in Cognition and Its Disorders, Macquarie Centre for Cognitive Science, Macquarie University",NaN,0,Two Routes to Expertise in Mental Rotation,Regular Article
1192,"Frini Karayanidis,School of Psychology, University of Newcastle",NaN,0,Two Routes to Expertise in Mental Rotation,Regular Article
1192,"Scott D. Brown,School of Psychology, University of Newcastle",NaN,0,Two Routes to Expertise in Mental Rotation,Regular Article
1192,Andrew Heathcote,NaN,0,Two Routes to Expertise in Mental Rotation,Regular Article
1193,Nadia Chernyak,NaN,0,A Comparison of American and Nepalese Children's Concepts of Freedom of Choice and Social Constraint,Brief Report
1193,"Contribution of first two authors is equal.Tamar Kushnir,Department of Human Development, Cornell University",NaN,0,A Comparison of American and Nepalese Children's Concepts of Freedom of Choice and Social Constraint,Brief Report
1193,"Contribution of first two authors is equal.Katherine M. Sullivan,Department of Human Development, Cornell University",NaN,0,A Comparison of American and Nepalese Children's Concepts of Freedom of Choice and Social Constraint,Brief Report
1193,"Qi WangDepartment of Human Development, Cornell University",NaN,0,A Comparison of American and Nepalese Children's Concepts of Freedom of Choice and Social Constraint,Brief Report
1194,Nicolas Fay,NaN,0,How to Bootstrap a Human Communication System,Brief Report
1194,"Michael Arbib,Brain Project, University of Southern California",NaN,0,How to Bootstrap a Human Communication System,Brief Report
1194,"Simon GarrodSchool of Psychology, University of Western AustraliaDepartment of Psychology, University of Glasgow",NaN,0,How to Bootstrap a Human Communication System,Brief Report
1195,Deena S. Weisberg,NaN,0,"Pretense, Counterfactuals, and Bayesian Causal Models: Why What Is Not Real Really Matters",Brief Report
1195,"Alison GopnikDepartment of Psychology, University of California at Berkeley",NaN,0,"Pretense, Counterfactuals, and Bayesian Causal Models: Why What Is Not Real Really Matters",Brief Report
1197,Thomas N. Wisdom,NaN,0,Social Learning Strategies in Networked Groups,Extended Article
1197,"Xianfeng Song,Department of Physics, Indiana University",NaN,0,Social Learning Strategies in Networked Groups,Extended Article
1197,"Robert L. GoldstoneDepartment of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Indiana University",NaN,0,Social Learning Strategies in Networked Groups,Extended Article
1198,Chrisantha Fernando,NaN,0,From Blickets to Synapses: Inferring Temporal Causal Networks by Observation,Extended Article
1199,Michele Burigo,NaN,0,Object Orientation Affects Spatial Language Comprehension,Regular Article
1199,"Simona SacchiDepartment of Psychology, University of Milan-Bicocca",NaN,0,Object Orientation Affects Spatial Language Comprehension,Regular Article
1200,Barbara W. Sarnecka,NaN,0,The Idea of an Exact Number: Children's Understanding of Cardinality and Equinumerosity,Regular Article
1200,"Charles E. WrightDepartment of Cognitive Sciences, University of California-Irvine",NaN,0,The Idea of an Exact Number: Children's Understanding of Cardinality and Equinumerosity,Regular Article
1201,"Yanping Liu,Department of Psychology, Sun Yat-Sen University",NaN,0,Using Reinforcement Learning to Examine Dynamic Attention Allocation During Reading,Regular Article
1201,Erik D. Reichle,NaN,0,Using Reinforcement Learning to Examine Dynamic Attention Allocation During Reading,Regular Article
1201,"Ding-Guo GaoDepartment of Psychology, Sun Yat-Sen University",NaN,0,Using Reinforcement Learning to Examine Dynamic Attention Allocation During Reading,Regular Article
1202,Caroline Catmur,NaN,0,"Is It What You Do, or When You Do It? The Roles of Contingency and Similarity in Pro-Social Effects of Imitation",Brief Report
1202,"Cecilia HeyesAll Souls College, University of OxfordDepartment of Experimental Psychology, University of Oxford",NaN,0,"Is It What You Do, or When You Do It? The Roles of Contingency and Similarity in Pro-Social Effects of Imitation",Brief Report
1203,Emily Nordmann,NaN,0,Cat Got Your Tongue? Using the Tip-of-the-Tongue State to Investigate Fixed Expressions,Brief Report
1203,"Alexandra A. Cleland,School of Psychology, University of Aberdeen",NaN,0,Cat Got Your Tongue? Using the Tip-of-the-Tongue State to Investigate Fixed Expressions,Brief Report
1203,"Rebecca BullSchool of Psychology, University of AberdeenNational Institute of Education, Nanyang Technological University",NaN,0,Cat Got Your Tongue? Using the Tip-of-the-Tongue State to Investigate Fixed Expressions,Brief Report
1204,Ramon Ferrer-i-Cancho,NaN,0,Compression as a Universal Principle of Animal Behavior,Brief Report
1204,"Antoni Hernández-Fernández,Complexity and Quantitative Linguistics Lab, Departament de Llenguatges i Sistemes Informàtics, TALP Research Center, Universitat Politècnica de CatalunyaDepartament de Lingüística General, Universitat de Barcelona",NaN,0,Compression as a Universal Principle of Animal Behavior,Brief Report
1204,"David Lusseau,Institute of Biological and Environmental Sciences, University of AberdeenMarine Alliance Science and Technology for Scotland, University of Aberdeen",NaN,0,Compression as a Universal Principle of Animal Behavior,Brief Report
1204,"Govindasamy Agoramoorthy,College of Environmental and Health Sciences, Tajen University",NaN,0,Compression as a Universal Principle of Animal Behavior,Brief Report
1204,"Minna J. Hsu,Department of Biological Sciences, National Sun Yat-sen University",NaN,0,Compression as a Universal Principle of Animal Behavior,Brief Report
1204,"Stuart SempleCentre for Research in Evolutionary and Environmental Anthropology, University of Roehampton",NaN,0,Compression as a Universal Principle of Animal Behavior,Brief Report
1206,Alexander Renkl,NaN,0,Toward an Instructionally Oriented Theory of Example-Based Learning,Extended Article
1207,Peter A. White,NaN,0,Singular Clues to Causality and Their Use in Human Causal Judgment,Extended Article
1208,Kirill V. Istomin,NaN,0,"Culture, Perception, and Artistic Visualization: A Comparative Study of Children's Drawings in Three Siberian Cultural Groups",Regular Article
1208,"Jaroslava Panáková,Max Planck Institute for Social Anthropology",NaN,0,"Culture, Perception, and Artistic Visualization: A Comparative Study of Children's Drawings in Three Siberian Cultural Groups",Regular Article
1208,Patrick HeadyMax Planck Institute for Social Anthropology,NaN,0,"Culture, Perception, and Artistic Visualization: A Comparative Study of Children's Drawings in Three Siberian Cultural Groups",Regular Article
1209,Iro Xenidou-Dervou,NaN,0,Working Memory in Nonsymbolic Approximate Arithmetic Processing: A Dual-Task Study With Preschoolers,Regular Article
1209,"Ernest C. D. M. van Lieshout,Department of Educational Neuroscience, Faculty of Psychology and Education, VU University Amsterdam",NaN,0,Working Memory in Nonsymbolic Approximate Arithmetic Processing: A Dual-Task Study With Preschoolers,Regular Article
1209,"Menno van der SchootDepartment of Educational Neuroscience, Faculty of Psychology and Education, VU University Amsterdam",NaN,0,Working Memory in Nonsymbolic Approximate Arithmetic Processing: A Dual-Task Study With Preschoolers,Regular Article
1210,Miriam Dittmar,NaN,0,Familiar Verbs Are Not Always Easier Than Novel Verbs: How German Pre-School Children Comprehend Active and Passive Sentences,Regular Article
1210,"Kirsten Abbot-Smith,School of Psychology, University of Kent",NaN,0,Familiar Verbs Are Not Always Easier Than Novel Verbs: How German Pre-School Children Comprehend Active and Passive Sentences,Regular Article
1210,"Elena Lieven,Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary AnthropologySchool of Psychological Science, University of Manchester",NaN,0,Familiar Verbs Are Not Always Easier Than Novel Verbs: How German Pre-School Children Comprehend Active and Passive Sentences,Regular Article
1210,Michael TomaselloMax Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology,NaN,0,Familiar Verbs Are Not Always Easier Than Novel Verbs: How German Pre-School Children Comprehend Active and Passive Sentences,Regular Article
1211,Cristine H. Legare,NaN,0,Searching for Control: Priming Randomness Increases the Evaluation of Ritual Efficacy,Brief Report
1211,"André L. SouzaDepartment of Psychology, Concordia University",NaN,0,Searching for Control: Priming Randomness Increases the Evaluation of Ritual Efficacy,Brief Report
1212,Felix Hill,NaN,0,A Quantitative Empirical Analysis of the Abstract/Concrete Distinction,Brief Report
1212,"Anna Korhonen,Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge",NaN,0,A Quantitative Empirical Analysis of the Abstract/Concrete Distinction,Brief Report
1212,"Christian BentzDepartment of Theoretical and Applied Linguistics, University of Cambridge",NaN,0,A Quantitative Empirical Analysis of the Abstract/Concrete Distinction,Brief Report
1213,"Jasmine M. DeJesus,Department of Psychology, University of Chicago",NaN,0,Evaluations Versus Expectations: Children's Divergent Beliefs About Resource Distribution,Brief Report
1213,"Marjorie Rhodes,Department of Psychology, New York University",NaN,0,Evaluations Versus Expectations: Children's Divergent Beliefs About Resource Distribution,Brief Report
1213,Katherine D. Kinzler,NaN,0,Evaluations Versus Expectations: Children's Divergent Beliefs About Resource Distribution,Brief Report
1215,Elizabeth A. Ware,NaN,0,"You Get What You Need: An Examination of Purpose-Based Inheritance Reasoning in Undergraduates, Preschoolers, and Biological Experts",Original Article
1215,Susan A. GelmanUniversity of Michigan,NaN,0,"You Get What You Need: An Examination of Purpose-Based Inheritance Reasoning in Undergraduates, Preschoolers, and Biological Experts",Original Article
1216,Richard P. Cooper,NaN,0,The Goal Circuit Model: A Hierarchical Multi-Route Model of the Acquisition and Control of Routine Sequential Action in Humans,Original Article
1216,"Nicolas Ruh,Centre for Cognitive and Computational Modelling, Department of Psychological Sciences, Birkbeck, University of London",NaN,0,The Goal Circuit Model: A Hierarchical Multi-Route Model of the Acquisition and Control of Routine Sequential Action in Humans,Original Article
1216,"Denis MareschalCentre for Cognitive and Computational Modelling, Department of Psychological Sciences, Birkbeck, University of London",NaN,0,The Goal Circuit Model: A Hierarchical Multi-Route Model of the Acquisition and Control of Routine Sequential Action in Humans,Original Article
1217,"Stephanie A. Gagnon,U.S. Army Natick Soldier RDEC, Cognitive Science TeamDepartment of Psychology, Tufts University",NaN,0,Stepping Into a Map: Initial Heading Direction Influences Spatial Memory Flexibility,Original Article
1217,Tad T. Brunyé,NaN,0,Stepping Into a Map: Initial Heading Direction Influences Spatial Memory Flexibility,Original Article
1217,"Aaron Gardony,U.S. Army Natick Soldier RDEC, Cognitive Science TeamDepartment of Psychology, Tufts University",NaN,0,Stepping Into a Map: Initial Heading Direction Influences Spatial Memory Flexibility,Original Article
1217,"Matthijs L. Noordzij,Department of Cognitive Psychology and Ergonomics, University of Twente",NaN,0,Stepping Into a Map: Initial Heading Direction Influences Spatial Memory Flexibility,Original Article
1217,"Caroline R. Mahoney,U.S. Army Natick Soldier RDEC, Cognitive Science TeamDepartment of Psychology, Tufts University",NaN,0,Stepping Into a Map: Initial Heading Direction Influences Spatial Memory Flexibility,Original Article
1217,"Holly A. TaylorDepartment of Psychology, Tufts University",NaN,0,Stepping Into a Map: Initial Heading Direction Influences Spatial Memory Flexibility,Original Article
1218,Lisanne van Weelden,NaN,0,Evidence for the Role of Shape in Mental Representations of Similes,Original Article
1218,"Joost Schilperoord,Tilburg center for Cognition and Communication (TiCC), Tilburg University",NaN,0,Evidence for the Role of Shape in Mental Representations of Similes,Original Article
1218,"Alfons MaesTilburg center for Cognition and Communication (TiCC), Tilburg University",NaN,0,Evidence for the Role of Shape in Mental Representations of Similes,Original Article
1219,John R. Anderson,NaN,0,Discovering the Sequential Structure of Thought,Original Article
1219,"Jon M. FinchamDepartment of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University",NaN,0,Discovering the Sequential Structure of Thought,Original Article
1220,Patricia Kanngiesser,NaN,0,Not by Labor Alone: Considerations for Value Influence Use of the Labor Rule in Ownership Transfers,Brief Report
1220,"Bruce HoodSchool of Experimental Psychology, University of Bristol",NaN,0,Not by Labor Alone: Considerations for Value Influence Use of the Labor Rule in Ownership Transfers,Brief Report
1221,Laura J. Speed,NaN,0,Eye Movements Reveal the Dynamic Simulation of Speed in Language,Brief Report
1221,"Gabriella ViglioccoDepartment of Cognitive, Perceptual and Brain Sciences, University College London",NaN,0,Eye Movements Reveal the Dynamic Simulation of Speed in Language,Brief Report
1222,Stella Christie,NaN,0,Language Helps Children Succeed on a Classic Analogy Task,Original Article
1222,"Dedre GentnerDepartment of Psychology, Northwestern University",NaN,0,Language Helps Children Succeed on a Classic Analogy Task,Original Article
1224,Marc Scholten,NaN,0,Weighing Outcomes by Time or Against Time? Evaluation Rules in Intertemporal Choice,Original Article
1224,"Daniel Read,Warwick Business School",NaN,0,Weighing Outcomes by Time or Against Time? Evaluation Rules in Intertemporal Choice,Original Article
1224,"Adam SanbornDepartment of Psychology, University of Warwick",NaN,0,Weighing Outcomes by Time or Against Time? Evaluation Rules in Intertemporal Choice,Original Article
1225,"Judith Gaspers,Center of Excellence Cognitive Interaction Technology, Bielefeld University",NaN,0,A Computational Model for the Item-Based Induction of Construction Networks,Original Article
1225,"Philipp CimianoCenter of Excellence Cognitive Interaction Technology, Bielefeld University",NaN,0,A Computational Model for the Item-Based Induction of Construction Networks,Original Article
1226,Benjamin M. Rottman,NaN,0,Children Use Temporal Cues to Learn Causal Directionality,Original Article
1226,"Jonathan F. Kominsky,Department of Psychology, Yale University",NaN,0,Children Use Temporal Cues to Learn Causal Directionality,Original Article
1226,"Frank C. KeilDepartment of Psychology, Yale University",NaN,0,Children Use Temporal Cues to Learn Causal Directionality,Original Article
1227,Mutsumi Imai,NaN,0,All Giraffes Have Female-Specific Properties: Influence of Grammatical Gender on Deductive Reasoning About Sex-Specific Properties in German Speakers,Original Article
1227,"Lennart Schalk,Institute for Behavioral Sciences, ETH Zurich",NaN,0,All Giraffes Have Female-Specific Properties: Influence of Grammatical Gender on Deductive Reasoning About Sex-Specific Properties in German Speakers,Original Article
1227,"Henrik Saalbach,Department of Education, Saarland University",NaN,0,All Giraffes Have Female-Specific Properties: Influence of Grammatical Gender on Deductive Reasoning About Sex-Specific Properties in German Speakers,Original Article
1227,"Hiroyuki OkadaDepartment of Engineering, Tamagawa University",NaN,0,All Giraffes Have Female-Specific Properties: Influence of Grammatical Gender on Deductive Reasoning About Sex-Specific Properties in German Speakers,Original Article
1228,Evan F. Risko,NaN,0,Rotating With Rotated Text: A Natural Behavior Approach to Investigating Cognitive Offloading,Original Article
1228,"Srdan Medimorec,Department of Psychology, Arizona State University",NaN,0,Rotating With Rotated Text: A Natural Behavior Approach to Investigating Cognitive Offloading,Original Article
1228,"Joseph Chisholm,Department of Psychology, University of British Columbia",NaN,0,Rotating With Rotated Text: A Natural Behavior Approach to Investigating Cognitive Offloading,Original Article
1228,"Alan KingstoneDepartment of Psychology, University of British Columbia",NaN,0,Rotating With Rotated Text: A Natural Behavior Approach to Investigating Cognitive Offloading,Original Article
1229,Kanji Tanaka,NaN,0,Implicit Transfer of Reversed Temporal Structure in Visuomotor Sequence Learning,Original Article
1229,"Katsumi WatanabeResearch Center for Advanced Science and Technology, The University of Tokyo",NaN,0,Implicit Transfer of Reversed Temporal Structure in Visuomotor Sequence Learning,Original Article
1230,Vladislav D. Veksler,NaN,0,SAwSu: An Integrated Model of Associative and Reinforcement Learning,Brief Report
1230,"Christopher W. Myers,Air Force Research Laboratory",NaN,0,SAwSu: An Integrated Model of Associative and Reinforcement Learning,Brief Report
1230,Kevin A. GluckAir Force Research Laboratory,NaN,0,SAwSu: An Integrated Model of Associative and Reinforcement Learning,Brief Report
1232,Edward Vul,NaN,0,One and Done? Optimal Decisions From Very Few Samples,Extended Article
1232,"Noah Goodman,Department of Psychology, Stanford University",NaN,0,One and Done? Optimal Decisions From Very Few Samples,Extended Article
1232,"Thomas L. Griffiths,Department of Psychology, University of California Berkeley",NaN,0,One and Done? Optimal Decisions From Very Few Samples,Extended Article
1232,"Joshua B. TenenbaumBrain and Cognitive Science, Massachusetts Institute of Technology",NaN,0,One and Done? Optimal Decisions From Very Few Samples,Extended Article
1233,Colin Kelly,NaN,0,Automatic Extraction of Property Norm-Like Data From Large Text Corpora,Extended Article
1233,"Barry Devereux,Department of Psychology, Centre for Speech, Language and the Brain, University of Cambridge",NaN,0,Automatic Extraction of Property Norm-Like Data From Large Text Corpora,Extended Article
1233,"Anna KorhonenComputer Laboratory, University of Cambridge",NaN,0,Automatic Extraction of Property Norm-Like Data From Large Text Corpora,Extended Article
1234,Gail Heyman,NaN,0,Children's Sensitivity to Ulterior Motives When Evaluating Prosocial Behavior,Regular Article
1234,"David Barner,Department of Psychology, University of California at San Diego",NaN,0,Children's Sensitivity to Ulterior Motives When Evaluating Prosocial Behavior,Regular Article
1234,"Jennifer Heumann,Department of Psychology, University of California at San Diego",NaN,0,Children's Sensitivity to Ulterior Motives When Evaluating Prosocial Behavior,Regular Article
1234,"Lauren SchenckDepartment of Psychology, University of California at San Diego",NaN,0,Children's Sensitivity to Ulterior Motives When Evaluating Prosocial Behavior,Regular Article
1235,Guy E. Hawkins,NaN,0,Integrating Cognitive Process and Descriptive Models of Attitudes and Preferences,Regular Article
1235,"A.A.J. Marley,Department of Psychology, University of VictoriaCentre for the Study of Choice, University of Technology Sydney",NaN,0,Integrating Cognitive Process and Descriptive Models of Attitudes and Preferences,Regular Article
1235,"Andrew Heathcote,School of Psychology, University of Newcastle",NaN,0,Integrating Cognitive Process and Descriptive Models of Attitudes and Preferences,Regular Article
1235,"Terry N. Flynn,Centre for the Study of Choice, University of Technology Sydney",NaN,0,Integrating Cognitive Process and Descriptive Models of Attitudes and Preferences,Regular Article
1235,"Jordan J. Louviere,Centre for the Study of Choice, University of Technology Sydney",NaN,0,Integrating Cognitive Process and Descriptive Models of Attitudes and Preferences,Regular Article
1235,"Scott D. BrownSchool of Psychology, University of Newcastle",NaN,0,Integrating Cognitive Process and Descriptive Models of Attitudes and Preferences,Regular Article
1236,Steven T. Piantadosi,NaN,0,Quantitative Standards for Absolute Linguistic Universals,Regular Article
1236,"Edward GibsonDepartment of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, MIT",NaN,0,Quantitative Standards for Absolute Linguistic Universals,Regular Article
1237,Haley A. Vlach,NaN,0,Retrieval Dynamics and Retention in Cross-Situational Statistical Word Learning,Regular Article
1237,"Catherine M. SandhoferDepartment of Psychology, University of California, Los Angeles",NaN,0,Retrieval Dynamics and Retention in Cross-Situational Statistical Word Learning,Regular Article
1238,Amy Perfors,NaN,0,Language Evolution Can Be Shaped by the Structure of the World,Brief Report
1238,"Daniel J. NavarroSchool of Psychology, University of Adelaide",NaN,0,Language Evolution Can Be Shaped by the Structure of the World,Brief Report
1240,Andrea A. diSessa,NaN,0,The Construction of Causal Schemes: Learning Mechanisms at the Knowledge Level,Extended Article
1241,Tobias Schröder,NaN,0,"Intention, Emotion, and Action: A Neural Theory Based on Semantic Pointers",Regular Article
1241,"Terrence C. Stewart,Department of Philosophy, University of Waterloo",NaN,0,"Intention, Emotion, and Action: A Neural Theory Based on Semantic Pointers",Regular Article
1241,"Paul ThagardDepartment of Philosophy, University of Waterloo",NaN,0,"Intention, Emotion, and Action: A Neural Theory Based on Semantic Pointers",Regular Article
1242,Megan Johanson,NaN,0,What Does Children's Spatial Language Reveal About Spatial Concepts? Evidence From the Use of Containment Expressions,Regular Article
1242,"Anna PapafragouDepartment of Psychology, University of Delaware",NaN,0,What Does Children's Spatial Language Reveal About Spatial Concepts? Evidence From the Use of Containment Expressions,Regular Article
1243,Juliane E. Kämmer,NaN,0,The Adaptive Use of Recognition in Group Decision Making,Regular Article
1243,"Wolfgang Gaissmaier,Max Planck Institute for Human Development, Center for Adaptive Behavior and Cognition (ABC)",NaN,0,The Adaptive Use of Recognition in Group Decision Making,Regular Article
1243,"Torsten Reimer,Purdue University, Brian Lamb School of Communication",NaN,0,The Adaptive Use of Recognition in Group Decision Making,Regular Article
1243,"Carsten C. SchermulyHumboldt University, SRH University Berlin, Business Psychology",NaN,0,The Adaptive Use of Recognition in Group Decision Making,Regular Article
1244,Matthew L. Hall,NaN,0,Investigating Constituent Order Change With Elicited Pantomime: A Functional Account of SVO Emergence,Regular Article
1244,"Victor S. Ferreira,Department of Psychology, University of California, San Diego",NaN,0,Investigating Constituent Order Change With Elicited Pantomime: A Functional Account of SVO Emergence,Regular Article
1244,"Rachel I. MayberryDepartment of Linguistics, University of California, San Diego",NaN,0,Investigating Constituent Order Change With Elicited Pantomime: A Functional Account of SVO Emergence,Regular Article
1245,Alessandra Zarcone,NaN,0,Logical Metonymy Resolution in a Words-as-Cues Framework: Evidence From Self-Paced Reading and Probe Recognition,Regular Article
1245,"Sebastian Padó,Institut für Maschinelle Sprachverarbeitung, Universität Stuttgart",NaN,0,Logical Metonymy Resolution in a Words-as-Cues Framework: Evidence From Self-Paced Reading and Probe Recognition,Regular Article
1245,"Alessandro LenciDipartimento di Filologia, Letteratura e Linguistica, Università di Pisa",NaN,0,Logical Metonymy Resolution in a Words-as-Cues Framework: Evidence From Self-Paced Reading and Probe Recognition,Regular Article
1246,"Aliza J. Schwartz,Department of Psychology, Brandeis University",NaN,0,Cross-Cultural Differences in Categorical Memory Errors,Brief Report
1246,"Aysecan Boduroglu,Department of Psychology, Bogazici University",NaN,0,Cross-Cultural Differences in Categorical Memory Errors,Brief Report
1246,Angela H. Gutchess,NaN,0,Cross-Cultural Differences in Categorical Memory Errors,Brief Report
1247,Manu Kapur,NaN,0,Productive Failure in Learning Math,Brief Report
1249,nan,NaN,0,Introduction to the McClelland Rumelhart issue,Special
1250,Timothy T. Rogers,NaN,0,Parallel Distributed Processing at 25: Further Explorations in the Microstructure of Cognition,Special
1250,"James L. McClellandDepartment of Psychology, Stanford University",NaN,0,Parallel Distributed Processing at 25: Further Explorations in the Microstructure of Cognition,Special
1251,Geoffrey Hinton,NaN,0,Where Do Features Come From?,Special
1252,"Paul Smolensky,Department of Cognitive Science, Johns Hopkins University",NaN,0,Optimization and Quantization in Gradient Symbol Systems: A Framework for Integrating the Continuous and the Discrete in Cognition,Special
1252,Matthew Goldrick,NaN,0,Optimization and Quantization in Gradient Symbol Systems: A Framework for Integrating the Continuous and the Discrete in Cognition,Special
1252,"Donald MathisDepartment of Cognitive Science, Johns Hopkins University",NaN,0,Optimization and Quantization in Gradient Symbol Systems: A Framework for Integrating the Continuous and the Discrete in Cognition,Special
1253,James L. McClelland,NaN,0,Interactive Activation and Mutual Constraint Satisfaction in Perception and Cognition,Special
1253,Daniel Mirman,NaN,0,Interactive Activation and Mutual Constraint Satisfaction in Perception and Cognition,Special
1253,"Donald J. Bolger,Department of Psychology, University of Maryland",NaN,0,Interactive Activation and Mutual Constraint Satisfaction in Perception and Cognition,Special
1253,"Pranav KhaitanDepartment of Computer Science, Stanford University",NaN,0,Interactive Activation and Mutual Constraint Satisfaction in Perception and Cognition,Special
1254,Mark S. Seidenberg,NaN,0,Quasiregularity and Its Discontents: The Legacy of the Past Tense Debate,Special
1254,"David C. PlautDepartment of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University",NaN,0,Quasiregularity and Its Discontents: The Legacy of the Past Tense Debate,Special
1255,"Randall C. O’Reilly,Department of Psychology and Neuroscience, University of Colorado Boulder",NaN,0,Complementary Learning Systems,Special
1255,"Rajan Bhattacharyya,HRL Laboratories, LLC, Malibu, CA",NaN,0,Complementary Learning Systems,Special
1255,"Michael D. Howard,HRL Laboratories, LLC, Malibu, CA",NaN,0,Complementary Learning Systems,Special
1255,"Nicholas KetzDepartment of Psychology and Neuroscience, University of Colorado Boulder",NaN,0,Complementary Learning Systems,Special
1256,Matthew M. Botvinick,NaN,0,The Computational and Neural Basis of Cognitive Control: Charted Territory and New Frontiers,Special
1256,"Jonathan D. CohenPrinceton Neuroscience Institute and Department of Psychology, Princeton University",NaN,0,The Computational and Neural Basis of Cognitive Control: Charted Territory and New Frontiers,Special
1257,Axel Cleeremans,NaN,0,Connecting Conscious and Unconscious Processing,Special
1259,Neil Cohn,NaN,0,"You're a Good Structure, Charlie Brown: The Distribution of Narrative Categories in Comic Strips",Extended Article
1260,Richard J. Stevenson,NaN,0,Object Concepts in the Chemical Senses,Regular Article
1261,Don van Ravenzwaaij,NaN,0,A Hierarchical Bayesian Modeling Approach to Searching and Stopping in Multi-Attribute Judgment,Regular Article
1261,"Chris P. Moore,School of Psychology, University of New South Wales",NaN,0,A Hierarchical Bayesian Modeling Approach to Searching and Stopping in Multi-Attribute Judgment,Regular Article
1261,"Michael D. Lee,Department of Cognitive Sciences, University of California Irvine",NaN,0,A Hierarchical Bayesian Modeling Approach to Searching and Stopping in Multi-Attribute Judgment,Regular Article
1261,"Ben R. NewellSchool of Psychology, University of New South Wales",NaN,0,A Hierarchical Bayesian Modeling Approach to Searching and Stopping in Multi-Attribute Judgment,Regular Article
1262,Anna N. Rafferty,NaN,0,Analyzing the Rate at Which Languages Lose the Influence of a Common Ancestor,Regular Article
1262,"Thomas L. Griffiths,Department of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,Analyzing the Rate at Which Languages Lose the Influence of a Common Ancestor,Regular Article
1262,"Dan KleinComputer Science Division, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,Analyzing the Rate at Which Languages Lose the Influence of a Common Ancestor,Regular Article
1263,J. Robert Thompson,NaN,0,Signature Limits in Mindreading Systems,Regular Article
1264,Tage S. Rai,NaN,0,Rational Hypocrisy: A Bayesian Analysis Based on Informal Argumentation and Slippery Slopes,Brief Report
1264,"Keith J. HolyoakDepartment of Psychology, University of California, Los Angeles",NaN,0,Rational Hypocrisy: A Bayesian Analysis Based on Informal Argumentation and Slippery Slopes,Brief Report
1265,Autumn B. Hostetter,NaN,0,Action Attenuates the Effect of Visibility on Gesture Rates,Brief Report
1266,Elisabeth Stöttinger,NaN,0,"The Effects of Prior Learned Strategies on Updating an Opponent's Strategy in the Rock, Paper, Scissors Game",Brief Report
1266,"Alex Filipowicz,Department of Psychology, University of Waterloo",NaN,0,"The Effects of Prior Learned Strategies on Updating an Opponent's Strategy in the Rock, Paper, Scissors Game",Brief Report
1266,"James Danckert,Department of Psychology, University of Waterloo",NaN,0,"The Effects of Prior Learned Strategies on Updating an Opponent's Strategy in the Rock, Paper, Scissors Game",Brief Report
1266,"These two authors contributed equally to the work.Britt AndersonDepartment of Psychology, University of WaterlooCentre for Theoretical Neuroscience, University of Waterloo",NaN,0,"The Effects of Prior Learned Strategies on Updating an Opponent's Strategy in the Rock, Paper, Scissors Game",Brief Report
1266,These two authors contributed equally to the work.,NaN,0,"The Effects of Prior Learned Strategies on Updating an Opponent's Strategy in the Rock, Paper, Scissors Game",Brief Report
1267,Sawa Senzaki,NaN,0,"When Is Perception Top-Down and When Is It Not? Culture, Narrative, and Attention",Brief Report
1267,"Takahiko Masuda,Department of Psychology, University of Alberta",NaN,0,"When Is Perception Top-Down and When Is It Not? Culture, Narrative, and Attention",Brief Report
1267,"Keiko IshiiDepartment of Psychology, Kobe University",NaN,0,"When Is Perception Top-Down and When Is It Not? Culture, Narrative, and Attention",Brief Report
1268,Amy Needham,NaN,0,Learning Visual Units After Brief Experience in 10-Month-Old Infants,Brief Report
1268,"Robert L. Goldstone,Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Indiana University",NaN,0,Learning Visual Units After Brief Experience in 10-Month-Old Infants,Brief Report
1268,"Sarah E. WiesenDepartment of Psychology and Human Development, Vanderbilt University",NaN,0,Learning Visual Units After Brief Experience in 10-Month-Old Infants,Brief Report
1270,Holger Schultheis,NaN,0,Modeling Mental Spatial Reasoning About Cardinal Directions,Extended Article
1270,"Sven Bertel,Faculty of Media, Bauhaus-Universität Weimar",NaN,0,Modeling Mental Spatial Reasoning About Cardinal Directions,Extended Article
1270,"Thomas BarkowskyDepartment of Informatics, Universität Bremen",NaN,0,Modeling Mental Spatial Reasoning About Cardinal Directions,Extended Article
1271,Itamar Lerner,NaN,0,Integrating the Automatic and the Controlled: Strategies in Semantic Priming in an Attractor Network With Latching Dynamics,Extended Article
1271,"Shlomo Bentin,Interdisciplinary Center for Neural Computation, The Hebrew University of JerusalemDepartment of Psychology, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem",NaN,0,Integrating the Automatic and the Controlled: Strategies in Semantic Priming in an Attractor Network With Latching Dynamics,Extended Article
1271,"Deceased, July 2012.Oren ShrikiSection on Critical Brain Dynamics, National Institute of Mental Health",NaN,0,Integrating the Automatic and the Controlled: Strategies in Semantic Priming in an Attractor Network With Latching Dynamics,Extended Article
1272,Jonathan F. Kominsky,NaN,0,Overestimation of Knowledge About Word Meanings: The “Misplaced Meaning” Effect,Regular Article
1272,"Frank C. KeilDepartment of Psychology, Yale University",NaN,0,Overestimation of Knowledge About Word Meanings: The “Misplaced Meaning” Effect,Regular Article
1273,Hannah Rohde,NaN,0,Markers of Topical Discourse in Child-Directed Speech,Regular Article
1273,"Michael C. FrankDepartment of Psychology, Stanford University",NaN,0,Markers of Topical Discourse in Child-Directed Speech,Regular Article
1274,Sarah E. Duffy,NaN,0,Moving Through Time: The Role of Personality in Three Real-Life Contexts,Brief Report
1274,"Michele I. Feist,Department of English, University of Louisiana at Lafayette",NaN,0,Moving Through Time: The Role of Personality in Three Real-Life Contexts,Brief Report
1274,"Steven McCarthyDepartment of Humanities, Northumbria University",NaN,0,Moving Through Time: The Role of Personality in Three Real-Life Contexts,Brief Report
1275,Athena Vouloumanos,NaN,0,Foundational Tuning: How Infants' Attention to Speech Predicts Language Development,Brief Report
1275,"Suzanne CurtinDepartment of Psychology, University of Calgary",NaN,0,Foundational Tuning: How Infants' Attention to Speech Predicts Language Development,Brief Report
1276,Marjorie Rhodes,NaN,0,Children's Explanations as a Window Into Their Intuitive Theories of the Social World,Brief Report
1277,Paul D. Siakaluk,NaN,0,Effects of Emotional Experience for Abstract Words in the Stroop Task,Brief Report
1277,"Nathan Knol,Department of Psychology, University of Northern British Columbia",NaN,0,Effects of Emotional Experience for Abstract Words in the Stroop Task,Brief Report
1277,"Penny M. PexmanDepartment of Psychology, University of Calgary",NaN,0,Effects of Emotional Experience for Abstract Words in the Stroop Task,Brief Report
1280,Randall D. Beer,NaN,0,Information Processing and Dynamics in Minimally Cognitive Agents,Extended Article
1280,Paul L. WilliamsCognitive Science Program,NaN,0,Information Processing and Dynamics in Minimally Cognitive Agents,Extended Article
1281,Giuseppe Morlino,NaN,0,Learning to Manipulate and Categorize in Human and Artificial Agents,Regular Article
1281,"Claudia Gianelli,Department of Psychology, University of Bologna",NaN,0,Learning to Manipulate and Categorize in Human and Artificial Agents,Regular Article
1281,"Anna M. Borghi,Institute of Cognitive Sciences and Technologies (ISTC) – CNR, RomeDepartment of Psychology, University of Bologna",NaN,0,Learning to Manipulate and Categorize in Human and Artificial Agents,Regular Article
1281,"Stefano NolfiInstitute of Cognitive Sciences and Technologies (ISTC) – CNR, Rome",NaN,0,Learning to Manipulate and Categorize in Human and Artificial Agents,Regular Article
1282,Ralf Mayrhofer,NaN,0,Agents and Causes: Dispositional Intuitions As a Guide to Causal Structure,Regular Article
1282,"Michael R. WaldmannDepartment of Psychology, University of Göttingen",NaN,0,Agents and Causes: Dispositional Intuitions As a Guide to Causal Structure,Regular Article
1283,George E. Newman,NaN,0,Beliefs About the True Self Explain Asymmetries Based on Moral Judgment,Regular Article
1283,"Julian De Freitas,Department of Psychology, Yale University",NaN,0,Beliefs About the True Self Explain Asymmetries Based on Moral Judgment,Regular Article
1283,"Joshua KnobeProgram in Cognitive Science and Department of Philosophy, Yale University",NaN,0,Beliefs About the True Self Explain Asymmetries Based on Moral Judgment,Regular Article
1284,Joel Chan,NaN,0,The Impact of Analogies on Creative Concept Generation: Lessons From an In Vivo Study in Engineering Design,Regular Article
1284,"Christian SchunnLearning Research and Development Center, University of Pittsburgh",NaN,0,The Impact of Analogies on Creative Concept Generation: Lessons From an In Vivo Study in Engineering Design,Regular Article
1285,Bradley J. Morris,NaN,0,Comparing Data Sets: Implicit Summaries of the Statistical Properties of Number Sets,Regular Article
1285,"Amy M. MasnickPsychology Department, Hofstra University",NaN,0,Comparing Data Sets: Implicit Summaries of the Statistical Properties of Number Sets,Regular Article
1286,Mónica Tamariz,NaN,0,"Culture: Copying, Compression, and Conventionality",Brief Report
1286,"Simon KirbyLanguage Evolution and Computation, School of Philosophy, Psychology and Language Sciences, The University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,"Culture: Copying, Compression, and Conventionality",Brief Report
1287,Julia W. Van de Vondervoort,NaN,0,Parallels in Preschoolers' and Adults' Judgments About Ownership Rights and Bodily Rights,Brief Report
1287,Ori Friedman,NaN,0,Parallels in Preschoolers' and Adults' Judgments About Ownership Rights and Bodily Rights,Brief Report
1288,Aleksandr Chakroff,NaN,0,An Indecent Proposal: The Dual Functions of Indirect Speech,Brief Report
1288,"Kyle A. Thomas,Department of Psychology, Harvard University",NaN,0,An Indecent Proposal: The Dual Functions of Indirect Speech,Brief Report
1288,"Omar S. Haque,Department of Psychology, Harvard UniversityDepartment of Psychiatry and Human Behavior, Brown University",NaN,0,An Indecent Proposal: The Dual Functions of Indirect Speech,Brief Report
1288,"Liane YoungDepartment of Psychology, Boston College",NaN,0,An Indecent Proposal: The Dual Functions of Indirect Speech,Brief Report
1289,Catriona Silvey,NaN,0,Word Meanings Evolve to Selectively Preserve Distinctions on Salient Dimensions,Brief Report
1289,"Simon Kirby,School of Philosophy, Psychology, and Language Sciences, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,Word Meanings Evolve to Selectively Preserve Distinctions on Salient Dimensions,Brief Report
1289,"Kenny SmithSchool of Philosophy, Psychology, and Language Sciences, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,Word Meanings Evolve to Selectively Preserve Distinctions on Salient Dimensions,Brief Report
1291,Oren Kolodny,NaN,0,Learning a Generative Probabilistic Grammar of Experience: A Process-Level Model of Language Acquisition,Regular Article
1291,"Arnon Lotem,Department of Zoology, Tel-Aviv University",NaN,0,Learning a Generative Probabilistic Grammar of Experience: A Process-Level Model of Language Acquisition,Regular Article
1291,"Shimon EdelmanDepartment of Psychology, Cornell University",NaN,0,Learning a Generative Probabilistic Grammar of Experience: A Process-Level Model of Language Acquisition,Regular Article
1292,"Gavin W. Jenkins,Department of Psychology and DeLTA Center, The University of Iowa",NaN,0,Non-Bayesian Noun Generalization in 3- to 5-Year-Old Children: Probing the Role of Prior Knowledge in the Suspicious Coincidence Effect,Regular Article
1292,Larissa K. Samuelson,NaN,0,Non-Bayesian Noun Generalization in 3- to 5-Year-Old Children: Probing the Role of Prior Knowledge in the Suspicious Coincidence Effect,Regular Article
1292,"Jodi R. Smith,Department of Psychology and DeLTA Center, The University of Iowa",NaN,0,Non-Bayesian Noun Generalization in 3- to 5-Year-Old Children: Probing the Role of Prior Knowledge in the Suspicious Coincidence Effect,Regular Article
1292,"John P. SpencerDepartment of Psychology and DeLTA Center, The University of Iowa",NaN,0,Non-Bayesian Noun Generalization in 3- to 5-Year-Old Children: Probing the Role of Prior Knowledge in the Suspicious Coincidence Effect,Regular Article
1293,John Turri,NaN,0,Skeptical Appeal: The Source-Content Bias,Regular Article
1294,Edward B. Royzman,NaN,0,Are Thoughtful People More Utilitarian? CRT as a Unique Predictor of Moral Minimalism in the Dilemmatic Context,Regular Article
1294,"Justin F. Landy,Department of Psychology, University of Pennsylvania",NaN,0,Are Thoughtful People More Utilitarian? CRT as a Unique Predictor of Moral Minimalism in the Dilemmatic Context,Regular Article
1294,"Robert F. LeemanSchool of Medicine, Yale University",NaN,0,Are Thoughtful People More Utilitarian? CRT as a Unique Predictor of Moral Minimalism in the Dilemmatic Context,Regular Article
1295,Kathleen H. Corriveau,NaN,0,Judgments About Fact and Fiction by Children From Religious and Nonreligious Backgrounds,Regular Article
1295,"Eva E. Chen,Division of Social Science, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology",NaN,0,Judgments About Fact and Fiction by Children From Religious and Nonreligious Backgrounds,Regular Article
1295,"Paul L. HarrisGraduate School of Education, Harvard University",NaN,0,Judgments About Fact and Fiction by Children From Religious and Nonreligious Backgrounds,Regular Article
1296,Ágnes Lukács,NaN,0,Development of Different Forms of Skill Learning Throughout the Lifespan,Regular Article
1296,"Ferenc KeményDepartment of Cognitive Science, Budapest University of Technology and EconomicsResearch Institute for Linguistics, Hungarian Academy of Sciences",NaN,0,Development of Different Forms of Skill Learning Throughout the Lifespan,Regular Article
1297,Wolff-Michael Roth,NaN,0,Peer Assessment of Aviation Performance: Inconsistent for Good Reasons,Regular Article
1297,"Timothy J. MavinGriffith Institute of Educational Research, Griffith University",NaN,0,Peer Assessment of Aviation Performance: Inconsistent for Good Reasons,Regular Article
1298,James Cutting,NaN,0,Re-Presentations of Space in Hollywood Movies: An Event-Indexing Analysis,Regular Article
1298,"Catalina IricinschiDepartment of Psychology, Cornell University",NaN,0,Re-Presentations of Space in Hollywood Movies: An Event-Indexing Analysis,Regular Article
1300,Cleotilde Gonzalez,NaN,0,A Cognitive Model of Dynamic Cooperation With Varied Interdependency Information,Extended Article
1300,"Noam Ben-Asher,Dynamic Decision Making Laboratory, Department of Social and Decision Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University",NaN,0,A Cognitive Model of Dynamic Cooperation With Varied Interdependency Information,Extended Article
1300,"Jolie M. Martin,Dynamic Decision Making Laboratory, Department of Social and Decision Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University",NaN,0,A Cognitive Model of Dynamic Cooperation With Varied Interdependency Information,Extended Article
1300,"Varun DuttSchool of Computing and Electrical Engineering, School of Humanities and Social Sciences, Indian Institute of Technology",NaN,0,A Cognitive Model of Dynamic Cooperation With Varied Interdependency Information,Extended Article
1301,Andrew F. Heckler,NaN,0,Patterns of Response Times and Response Choices to Science Questions: The Influence of Relative Processing Time,Extended Article
1301,"Thomas M. ScaifeDepartment of Chemistry and Engineering Physics, University of Wisconsin—Platteville",NaN,0,Patterns of Response Times and Response Choices to Science Questions: The Influence of Relative Processing Time,Extended Article
1302,Qi Chen,NaN,0,Interaction Between Phonological and Semantic Representations: Time Matters,Regular Article
1302,"Daniel MirmanMoss Rehabilitation Research InstituteDepartment of Psychology, Drexel University",NaN,0,Interaction Between Phonological and Semantic Representations: Time Matters,Regular Article
1303,Gregory Scontras,NaN,0,Syntactic Complexity Effects in Sentence Production,Regular Article
1303,"William Badecker,Cognitive Science Program, University of Arizona",NaN,0,Syntactic Complexity Effects in Sentence Production,Regular Article
1303,"Lisa Shank,Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences",NaN,0,Syntactic Complexity Effects in Sentence Production,Regular Article
1303,"Eunice Lim,Department of Cognitive Science, University of California, San Diego",NaN,0,Syntactic Complexity Effects in Sentence Production,Regular Article
1303,Evelina Fedorenko,NaN,0,Syntactic Complexity Effects in Sentence Production,Regular Article
1304,Anna N. Rafferty,NaN,0,Inferring Learners' Knowledge From Their Actions,Regular Article
1304,"Michelle M. LaMar,Graduate School of Education, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,Inferring Learners' Knowledge From Their Actions,Regular Article
1304,"Thomas L. GriffithsDepartment of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,Inferring Learners' Knowledge From Their Actions,Regular Article
1305,Geoffrey P. Goodwin,NaN,0,Judging the Goring Ox: Retribution Directed Toward Animals,Regular Article
1305,Adam BenforadoDrexel University School of Law,NaN,0,Judging the Goring Ox: Retribution Directed Toward Animals,Regular Article
1306,Shira Calamaro,NaN,0,Learning General Phonological Rules From Distributional Information: A Computational Model,Brief Report
1306,"Gaja JaroszDepartment of Linguistics, Yale University",NaN,0,Learning General Phonological Rules From Distributional Information: A Computational Model,Brief Report
1308,Judith Degen,NaN,0,Processing Scalar Implicature: A Constraint-Based Approach,Extended Article
1308,"Michael K. TanenhausDepartment of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester",NaN,0,Processing Scalar Implicature: A Constraint-Based Approach,Extended Article
1309,Amanda C. Brandone,NaN,0,Children's Developing Intuitions About the Truth Conditions and Implications of Novel Generics Versus Quantified Statements,Regular Article
1309,"Susan A. Gelman,Department of Psychology, University of Michigan",NaN,0,Children's Developing Intuitions About the Truth Conditions and Implications of Novel Generics Versus Quantified Statements,Regular Article
1309,"Jenna HedglenDepartment of Psychology, University of Michigan",NaN,0,Children's Developing Intuitions About the Truth Conditions and Implications of Novel Generics Versus Quantified Statements,Regular Article
1310,Alexia Galati,NaN,0,Social and Representational Cues Jointly Influence Spatial Perspective-Taking,Regular Article
1310,"Marios N. AvraamidesDepartment of Psychology, University of CyprusCentre for Applied Neuroscience, University of Cyprus",NaN,0,Social and Representational Cues Jointly Influence Spatial Perspective-Taking,Regular Article
1311,Molly Babel,NaN,0,Perceptual Fluency and Judgments of Vocal Aesthetics and Stereotypicality,Regular Article
1311,"Grant McGuireDepartment of Linguistics, University of California, Santa Cruz",NaN,0,Perceptual Fluency and Judgments of Vocal Aesthetics and Stereotypicality,Regular Article
1312,Janneke van Wijnbergen-Huitink,NaN,0,The Probability of Iterated Conditionals,Brief Report
1312,"Shira Elqayam,School of Applied Social Sciences, De Montfort University, Leicester",NaN,0,The Probability of Iterated Conditionals,Brief Report
1312,"David E. OverDepartment of Psychology, Durham University",NaN,0,The Probability of Iterated Conditionals,Brief Report
1313,Patrick J. Leman,NaN,0,How Do Groups Work? Age Differences in Performance and the Social Outcomes of Peer Collaboration,Brief Report
1314,"Juanma de la Fuente,Department of Experimental Psychology, University of Granada",NaN,0,Can Culture Influence Body-Specific Associations Between Space and Valence?,Brief Report
1314,"Daniel Casasanto,Department of Psychology, University of Chicago",NaN,0,Can Culture Influence Body-Specific Associations Between Space and Valence?,Brief Report
1314,"Antonio Román,Department of Experimental Psychology, University of Granada",NaN,0,Can Culture Influence Body-Specific Associations Between Space and Valence?,Brief Report
1314,Julio Santiago,NaN,0,Can Culture Influence Body-Specific Associations Between Space and Valence?,Brief Report
1314,", 18071-Granada, Spain. E-mail: santiago@ugr.es",NaN,0,Can Culture Influence Body-Specific Associations Between Space and Valence?,Brief Report
1315,Kostas Kampourakis,NaN,0,Distorting the History of Evolutionary Thought in Conceptual Development Research,Letter to Editor
1316,Elizabeth A. Ware,NaN,0,The Importance of Clarifying Evolutionary Terminology Across Disciplines and in the Classroom: A Reply to Kampourakis,Letter to Editor
1316,"Susan A. GelmanDepartment of Psychology, University of Michigan",NaN,0,The Importance of Clarifying Evolutionary Terminology Across Disciplines and in the Classroom: A Reply to Kampourakis,Letter to Editor
1317,Andrew Shtulman,NaN,0,"What Is More Informative in the History of Science, the Signal or the Noise?",Letter to Editor
1318,Kostas Kampourakis,NaN,0,The Need for Interdisciplinary Dialog in Evolution Education: A Comment on the Responses by Ware & Gelman and Shtulman,Letter to Editor
1320,Judith Koehne,NaN,0,The Interplay of Cross-Situational Word Learning and Sentence-Level Constraints,Extended Article
1320,"Matthew W. CrockerDepartment of Computational Linguistics, Saarland University",NaN,0,The Interplay of Cross-Situational Word Learning and Sentence-Level Constraints,Extended Article
1321,Marika De Scalzi,NaN,0,Embodiment Effects and Language Comprehension in Alzheimer's Disease,Regular Article
1321,"Jennifer Rusted,School of Psychology, University of Sussex",NaN,0,Embodiment Effects and Language Comprehension in Alzheimer's Disease,Regular Article
1321,"Jane OakhillSchool of Psychology, University of Sussex",NaN,0,Embodiment Effects and Language Comprehension in Alzheimer's Disease,Regular Article
1322,"Maggie Moreno,Brain and Language Laboratory, Neuroscience Area, SISSA International School for Advanced Studies",NaN,0,Role Asymmetry and Code Transmission in Signaling Games: An Experimental and Computational Investigation,Regular Article
1322,Giosuè Baggio,NaN,0,Role Asymmetry and Code Transmission in Signaling Games: An Experimental and Computational Investigation,Regular Article
1323,Luciano Paz,NaN,0,Parsing Heuristic and Forward Search in First-Graders' Game-Play Behavior,Regular Article
1323,"Andrea P. Goldin,Laboratory of Integrative Neuroscience, Physics Department, FCEyN UBA and IFIBA, CONICET, Ciudad UniversitariaTorcuato Di Tella University",NaN,0,Parsing Heuristic and Forward Search in First-Graders' Game-Play Behavior,Regular Article
1323,"Carlos Diuk,Department of Psychology and Princeton Neuroscience Institute, Princeton University",NaN,0,Parsing Heuristic and Forward Search in First-Graders' Game-Play Behavior,Regular Article
1323,"Mariano SigmanLaboratory of Integrative Neuroscience, Physics Department, FCEyN UBA and IFIBA, CONICET, Ciudad UniversitariaTorcuato Di Tella University",NaN,0,Parsing Heuristic and Forward Search in First-Graders' Game-Play Behavior,Regular Article
1324,Claudia Scorolli,NaN,0,The Simon Effect in Action: Planning and/or On-Line Control Effects?,Regular Article
1324,"Antonello Pellicano,Section for Clinical-Cognitive Sciences, Department of Neurology Medical Faculty, RWTH Aachen University",NaN,0,The Simon Effect in Action: Planning and/or On-Line Control Effects?,Regular Article
1324,"Roberto Nicoletti,Department of Communications Disciplines, University of Bologna",NaN,0,The Simon Effect in Action: Planning and/or On-Line Control Effects?,Regular Article
1324,"Sandro Rubichi,Department of Communication and Economics, University of Modena and Reggio-Emilia",NaN,0,The Simon Effect in Action: Planning and/or On-Line Control Effects?,Regular Article
1324,"Umberto CastielloDepartment of General Psychology, University of PadovaCenter for Cognitive Neuroscience, University of Padova",NaN,0,The Simon Effect in Action: Planning and/or On-Line Control Effects?,Regular Article
1325,"Linda Moradzadeh,Department of Psychology, York UniversityLaMarsh Centre for Child and Youth Research, York University",NaN,0,"Musical Training, Bilingualism, and Executive Function: A Closer Look at Task Switching and Dual-Task Performance",Regular Article
1325,"Galit Blumenthal,Department of Psychology, York UniversityLaMarsh Centre for Child and Youth Research, York University",NaN,0,"Musical Training, Bilingualism, and Executive Function: A Closer Look at Task Switching and Dual-Task Performance",Regular Article
1325,Melody Wiseheart,NaN,0,"Musical Training, Bilingualism, and Executive Function: A Closer Look at Task Switching and Dual-Task Performance",Regular Article
1326,Shelbie L. Sutherland,NaN,0,Memory Errors Reveal a Bias to Spontaneously Generalize to Categories,Regular Article
1326,"Andrei Cimpian,Department of Psychology, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign",NaN,0,Memory Errors Reveal a Bias to Spontaneously Generalize to Categories,Regular Article
1326,"Sarah-Jane Leslie,Department of Philosophy, Princeton University",NaN,0,Memory Errors Reveal a Bias to Spontaneously Generalize to Categories,Regular Article
1326,"Susan A. GelmanDepartment of Psychology, University of Michigan",NaN,0,Memory Errors Reveal a Bias to Spontaneously Generalize to Categories,Regular Article
1327,Fayme Yeates,NaN,0,State-Trace Analysis: Dissociable Processes in a Connectionist Network?,Brief Report
1327,"Andy J. Wills,School of Psychology, Plymouth University",NaN,0,State-Trace Analysis: Dissociable Processes in a Connectionist Network?,Brief Report
1327,"Fergal W. Jones,School of Psychology, Politics and Sociology, Canterbury Christ Church University",NaN,0,State-Trace Analysis: Dissociable Processes in a Connectionist Network?,Brief Report
1327,"Ian P. L. McLarenSchool of Psychology, University of Exeter",NaN,0,State-Trace Analysis: Dissociable Processes in a Connectionist Network?,Brief Report
1328,Ori Friedman,NaN,0,Is Probabilistic Evidence a Source of Knowledge?,Brief Report
1328,John Turri,NaN,0,Is Probabilistic Evidence a Source of Knowledge?,Brief Report
1329,David J. Stevens,NaN,0,Concurrent Movement Impairs Incidental But Not Intentional Statistical Learning,Brief Report
1329,"Joanne Arciuli,Discipline of Speech Pathology, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Sydney",NaN,0,Concurrent Movement Impairs Incidental But Not Intentional Statistical Learning,Brief Report
1329,"David I. AndersonExercise, Health and Performance Research Group, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of SydneyDepartment of Kinesiology, San Francisco State University",NaN,0,Concurrent Movement Impairs Incidental But Not Intentional Statistical Learning,Brief Report
1330,Padraic Monaghan,NaN,0,Gavagai Is as Gavagai Does: Learning Nouns and Verbs From Cross-Situational Statistics,Brief Report
1330,"Karen Mattock,The MARCS Institute, University of Western Sydney",NaN,0,Gavagai Is as Gavagai Does: Learning Nouns and Verbs From Cross-Situational Statistics,Brief Report
1330,"Robert A. I. Davies,Department of Psychology, Centre for Research in Human Development and Learning, Lancaster University",NaN,0,Gavagai Is as Gavagai Does: Learning Nouns and Verbs From Cross-Situational Statistics,Brief Report
1330,Alastair C. SmithMax Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics,NaN,0,Gavagai Is as Gavagai Does: Learning Nouns and Verbs From Cross-Situational Statistics,Brief Report
1331,Franklin Chang,NaN,0,Do Lemmas Speak German? A Verb Position Effect in German Structural Priming,Brief Report
1331,"Michael Baumann,Department of Linguistics, University of Leipzig",NaN,0,Do Lemmas Speak German? A Verb Position Effect in German Structural Priming,Brief Report
1331,"Sandra Pappert,LiLi Faculty, Bielefeld University",NaN,0,Do Lemmas Speak German? A Verb Position Effect in German Structural Priming,Brief Report
1331,"Hartmut FitzMax Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics, Nijmegen",NaN,0,Do Lemmas Speak German? A Verb Position Effect in German Structural Priming,Brief Report
1333,Matthew M. Walsh,NaN,0,Mechanisms for Robust Cognition,Extended Article
1333,"Kevin A. GluckAir Force Research Laboratory, Wright-Patterson AFB",NaN,0,Mechanisms for Robust Cognition,Extended Article
1334,Richard A. Hullinger,NaN,0,An Evolutionary Analysis of Learned Attention,Extended Article
1334,"John K. Kruschke,Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences, and Program in Cognitive Science, Indiana University, Bloomington",NaN,0,An Evolutionary Analysis of Learned Attention,Extended Article
1334,"Peter M. ToddDepartment of Psychological and Brain Sciences, and Program in Cognitive Science, Indiana University, Bloomington",NaN,0,An Evolutionary Analysis of Learned Attention,Extended Article
1335,Sangeet S. Khemlani,NaN,0,Naive Probability: Model-Based Estimates of Unique Events,Extended Article
1335,"Max Lotstein,Center for Cognitive Science, University of Freiburg",NaN,0,Naive Probability: Model-Based Estimates of Unique Events,Extended Article
1335,"Philip N. Johnson-LairdDepartment of Psychology, Princeton UniversityDepartment of Psychology, New York University",NaN,0,Naive Probability: Model-Based Estimates of Unique Events,Extended Article
1336,Wookyoung Jung,NaN,0,Making Probabilistic Relational Categories Learnable,Regular Article
1336,"John E. HummelDepartment of Psychology, University of Illinois",NaN,0,Making Probabilistic Relational Categories Learnable,Regular Article
1337,Máximo Trench,NaN,0,The Role of Surface Similarity in Analogical Retrieval: Bridging the Gap Between the Naturalistic and the Experimental Traditions,Regular Article
1337,"Ricardo A. MinervinoDepartment of Psychology, University of Comahue",NaN,0,The Role of Surface Similarity in Analogical Retrieval: Bridging the Gap Between the Naturalistic and the Experimental Traditions,Regular Article
1338,Jonathan Phillips,NaN,0,Manipulating Morality: Third-Party Intentions Alter Moral Judgments by Changing Causal Reasoning,Regular Article
1338,"Alex ShawDepartment of Psychology, University of Chicago",NaN,0,Manipulating Morality: Third-Party Intentions Alter Moral Judgments by Changing Causal Reasoning,Regular Article
1339,Marcus Perlman,NaN,0,Iconic Prosody in Story Reading,Regular Article
1339,"Nathaniel Clark,Psychology Department, University of California, Santa Cruz",NaN,0,Iconic Prosody in Story Reading,Regular Article
1339,"Marlene Johansson FalckDepartment of Language Studies, Umeå University",NaN,0,Iconic Prosody in Story Reading,Regular Article
1340,Anna L. Theakston,NaN,0,Productivity of Noun Slots in Verb Frames,Regular Article
1340,"Paul Ibbotson,Department of Childhood, Youth & Sport, The Open University",NaN,0,Productivity of Noun Slots in Verb Frames,Regular Article
1340,"Daniel Freudenthal,School of Psychology, University of Liverpool",NaN,0,Productivity of Noun Slots in Verb Frames,Regular Article
1340,"Elena V. M. Lieven,School of Psychological Sciences, University of Manchester",NaN,0,Productivity of Noun Slots in Verb Frames,Regular Article
1340,Michael TomaselloMax Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology,NaN,0,Productivity of Noun Slots in Verb Frames,Regular Article
1341,Jorrig Vogels,NaN,0,How Cognitive Load Influences Speakers' Choice of Referring Expressions,Regular Article
1341,"Emiel Krahmer,Tilburg Center for Cognition and Communication (TiCC), Tilburg University",NaN,0,How Cognitive Load Influences Speakers' Choice of Referring Expressions,Regular Article
1341,"Alfons MaesTilburg Center for Cognition and Communication (TiCC), Tilburg University",NaN,0,How Cognitive Load Influences Speakers' Choice of Referring Expressions,Regular Article
1342,Kumiko Fukumura,NaN,0,Interface of Linguistic and Visual Information During Audience Design,Brief Report
1344,"Robert Briscoe,Department of Philosophy, Ohio University",NaN,0,Conscious Vision in Action,Extended Article
1344,John Schwenkler,NaN,0,Conscious Vision in Action,Extended Article
1345,Samuel G. B. Johnson,NaN,0,Causal Networks or Causal Islands? The Representation of Mechanisms and the Transitivity of Causal Judgment,Extended Article
1345,"Woo-kyoung AhnDepartment of Psychology, Yale University",NaN,0,Causal Networks or Causal Islands? The Representation of Mechanisms and the Transitivity of Causal Judgment,Extended Article
1346,Sailee Shikhare,NaN,0,Processing of Numerical and Proportional Quantifiers,Extended Article
1346,"Stefan Heim,Department of Psychiatry, Psychotherapy and Psychosomatics, University Hospital, AachenJARA, Translational Brain MedicineInstitute of Neuroscience and Medicine (INM-1), Research Centre Jülich, Germany",NaN,0,Processing of Numerical and Proportional Quantifiers,Extended Article
1346,"Elise Klein,Department of Neurology, University Hospital, AachenInterdisciplinary Center for Clinical Research, University Hospital, AachenKnowledge Media Research Center, IWM-KMRC, Tübingen, Germany",NaN,0,Processing of Numerical and Proportional Quantifiers,Extended Article
1346,"Stefan Huber,Knowledge Media Research Center, IWM-KMRC, Tübingen, GermanyDepartment of Psychology, Eberhard Karls University, Tübingen",NaN,0,Processing of Numerical and Proportional Quantifiers,Extended Article
1346,Klaus Willmes,NaN,0,Processing of Numerical and Proportional Quantifiers,Extended Article
1347,Dinah Baer-Henney,NaN,0,The Interaction of Language-Specific and Universal Factors During the Acquisition of Morphophonemic Alternations With Exceptions,Extended Article
1347,"Frank Kügler,Linguistics Department, University of Potsdam",NaN,0,The Interaction of Language-Specific and Universal Factors During the Acquisition of Morphophonemic Alternations With Exceptions,Extended Article
1347,"Ruben van de VijverInstitute for Language and Information, Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf",NaN,0,The Interaction of Language-Specific and Universal Factors During the Acquisition of Morphophonemic Alternations With Exceptions,Extended Article
1348,Ullrich K. H. Ecker,NaN,0,Memory Without Consolidation: Temporal Distinctiveness Explains Retroactive Interference,Regular Article
1348,"Gordon D. A. Brown,Department of Psychology, University of Warwick, Australia",NaN,0,Memory Without Consolidation: Temporal Distinctiveness Explains Retroactive Interference,Regular Article
1348,"Stephan LewandowskySchool of Experimental Psychology, University of Bristol, and School of Psychology, University of Western, Australia",NaN,0,Memory Without Consolidation: Temporal Distinctiveness Explains Retroactive Interference,Regular Article
1349,Mark K. Johansen,NaN,0,Salience Not Status: How Category Labels Influence Feature Inference,Regular Article
1349,"Justin Savage,School of Psychology, Cardiff University",NaN,0,Salience Not Status: How Category Labels Influence Feature Inference,Regular Article
1349,"Nathalie Fouquet,Department of Psychology, Swansea University",NaN,0,Salience Not Status: How Category Labels Influence Feature Inference,Regular Article
1349,"David R. ShanksPsychology and Language Sciences, University College London",NaN,0,Salience Not Status: How Category Labels Influence Feature Inference,Regular Article
1350,Piers D. L. Howe,NaN,0,The Identity-Location Binding Problem,Regular Article
1350,"Adam FergusonPsychological Sciences, University of Melbourne",NaN,0,The Identity-Location Binding Problem,Regular Article
1351,Francesca Foppolo,NaN,0,"Hey Little Sister, Who's the Only One? Modulating Informativeness in the Resolution of Privative Ambiguity",Regular Article
1351,"Marco Marelli,Center for Mind/Brain Sciences, University of Trento",NaN,0,"Hey Little Sister, Who's the Only One? Modulating Informativeness in the Resolution of Privative Ambiguity",Regular Article
1351,"Luisa Meroni,Utrecht Institute of Linguistics, OTS (Utrecht University)",NaN,0,"Hey Little Sister, Who's the Only One? Modulating Informativeness in the Resolution of Privative Ambiguity",Regular Article
1351,"Andrea GualminiDamp en zo BV, Utrecht",NaN,0,"Hey Little Sister, Who's the Only One? Modulating Informativeness in the Resolution of Privative Ambiguity",Regular Article
1352,Titus von der Malsburg,NaN,0,Determinants of Scanpath Regularity in Reading,Regular Article
1352,"Reinhold Kliegl,Department of Psychology, University of Potsdam",NaN,0,Determinants of Scanpath Regularity in Reading,Regular Article
1352,"Shravan VasishthDepartment of Linguistics, University of Potsdam",NaN,0,Determinants of Scanpath Regularity in Reading,Regular Article
1353,Tom Foulsham,NaN,0,How the Eyes Tell Lies: Social Gaze During a Preference Task,Regular Article
1353,"Maria LockDepartment of Psychology, University of Essex",NaN,0,How the Eyes Tell Lies: Social Gaze During a Preference Task,Regular Article
1355,Sanjay Chandrasekharan,NaN,0,Building Cognition: The Construction of Computational Representations for Scientific Discovery,Extended Article
1355,"Nancy J. NersessianDepartment of Psychology, Harvard University",NaN,0,Building Cognition: The Construction of Computational Representations for Scientific Discovery,Extended Article
1356,"Lauren A. M. Lebois,Department of Psychology, Emory University",NaN,0,Are Automatic Conceptual Cores the Gold Standard of Semantic Processing? The Context-Dependence of Spatial Meaning in Grounded Congruency Effects,Extended Article
1356,"Christine D. Wilson-Mendenhall,Department of Psychology, Northeastern University",NaN,0,Are Automatic Conceptual Cores the Gold Standard of Semantic Processing? The Context-Dependence of Spatial Meaning in Grounded Congruency Effects,Extended Article
1356,Lawrence W. Barsalou,NaN,0,Are Automatic Conceptual Cores the Gold Standard of Semantic Processing? The Context-Dependence of Spatial Meaning in Grounded Congruency Effects,Extended Article
1357,David Temperley,NaN,0,Information Density and Syntactic Repetition,Regular Article
1357,"Daniel GildeaComputer Science Department, University of Rochester",NaN,0,Information Density and Syntactic Repetition,Regular Article
1358,Lawrence Phillips,NaN,0,The Utility of Cognitive Plausibility in Language Acquisition Modeling: Evidence From Word Segmentation,Regular Article
1358,"Lisa PearlDepartment of Cognitive Sciences, University of California, Irvine",NaN,0,The Utility of Cognitive Plausibility in Language Acquisition Modeling: Evidence From Word Segmentation,Regular Article
1359,Kazuki Sekine,NaN,0,The Development of the Ability to Semantically Integrate Information in Speech and Iconic Gesture in Comprehension,Regular Article
1359,"Hannah Sowden,Department of English Language and Communication, Kingston University",NaN,0,The Development of the Ability to Semantically Integrate Information in Speech and Iconic Gesture in Comprehension,Regular Article
1359,"Sotaro KitaDepartment of Psychology, University of Warwick",NaN,0,The Development of the Ability to Semantically Integrate Information in Speech and Iconic Gesture in Comprehension,Regular Article
1360,Anja Jamrozik,NaN,0,Well-Hidden Regularities: Abstract Uses of in and on Retain an Aspect of Their Spatial Meaning,Regular Article
1360,"Dedre GentnerDepartment of Psychology, Northwestern University",NaN,0,Well-Hidden Regularities: Abstract Uses of in and on Retain an Aspect of Their Spatial Meaning,Regular Article
1361,Brian J. Edwards,NaN,0,Effects of Causal Structure on Decisions About Where to Intervene on Causal Systems,Brief Report
1361,"Russell C. Burnett,Department of Psychology, Yale University",NaN,0,Effects of Causal Structure on Decisions About Where to Intervene on Causal Systems,Brief Report
1361,"Frank C. KeilDepartment of Psychology, Yale University",NaN,0,Effects of Causal Structure on Decisions About Where to Intervene on Causal Systems,Brief Report
1362,"Priscilla Montez,Cognitive and Information Sciences, University of California, Merced",NaN,0,The Role of Semantic Clustering in Optimal Memory Foraging,Brief Report
1362,"Graham Thompson,Cognitive and Information Sciences, University of California, Merced",NaN,0,The Role of Semantic Clustering in Optimal Memory Foraging,Brief Report
1362,Christopher T. Kello,NaN,0,The Role of Semantic Clustering in Optimal Memory Foraging,Brief Report
1363,"Mehmet K. Mahmut,Department of Psychology, Macquarie University",NaN,0,Failure to Obtain Reinstatement of an Olfactory Representation,Brief Report
1363,Richard J. Stevenson,NaN,0,Failure to Obtain Reinstatement of an Olfactory Representation,Brief Report
1364,Zachary Horne,NaN,0,A Single Counterexample Leads to Moral Belief Revision,Brief Report
1364,"Derek Powell,Department of Psychology, University of California, Los Angeles",NaN,0,A Single Counterexample Leads to Moral Belief Revision,Brief Report
1364,"John HummelDepartment of Psychology, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign",NaN,0,A Single Counterexample Leads to Moral Belief Revision,Brief Report
1365,Anne E. Riggs,NaN,0,Leave Her out of It: Person-Presentation of Strategies is Harmful for Transfer,Brief Report
1365,"Martha W. Alibali,Department of Psychology, University of Wisconsin-Madison",NaN,0,Leave Her out of It: Person-Presentation of Strategies is Harmful for Transfer,Brief Report
1365,"Charles W. KalishDepartment of Educational Psychology, University of Wisconsin-Madison",NaN,0,Leave Her out of It: Person-Presentation of Strategies is Harmful for Transfer,Brief Report
1366,Daniel Casasanto,NaN,0,Meaning is Not a Reflex: Context Dependence of Spatial Congruity Effects,Letter to Editor
1366,"Geoffrey Brookshire,Psychology Department, University of Chicago",NaN,0,Meaning is Not a Reflex: Context Dependence of Spatial Congruity Effects,Letter to Editor
1366,"Richard IvryPsychology Department, University of California at Berkeley",NaN,0,Meaning is Not a Reflex: Context Dependence of Spatial Congruity Effects,Letter to Editor
1367,"Lauren A. M. Lebois,Department of Psychology, Emory University",NaN,0,Putting Everything in Context,Letter to Editor
1367,"Christine D. Wilson-Mendenhall,Department of Psychology, Northeastern University",NaN,0,Putting Everything in Context,Letter to Editor
1367,Lawrence W. Barsalou,NaN,0,Putting Everything in Context,Letter to Editor
1370,"Umesh Patil,Department of Linguistics, University of Potsdam",NaN,0,A Computational Evaluation of Sentence Processing Deficits in Aphasia,Extended Article
1370,"Sandra Hanne,Department of Linguistics, University of Potsdam",NaN,0,A Computational Evaluation of Sentence Processing Deficits in Aphasia,Extended Article
1370,"Frank Burchert,Department of Linguistics, University of Potsdam",NaN,0,A Computational Evaluation of Sentence Processing Deficits in Aphasia,Extended Article
1370,"Ria De Bleser,Department of Linguistics, University of Potsdam",NaN,0,A Computational Evaluation of Sentence Processing Deficits in Aphasia,Extended Article
1370,"Shravan VasishthDepartment of Linguistics, University of Potsdam",NaN,0,A Computational Evaluation of Sentence Processing Deficits in Aphasia,Extended Article
1371,Michael S. C. Thomas,NaN,0,Multiscale Modeling of Gene–Behavior Associations in an Artificial Neural Network Model of Cognitive Development,Extended Article
1371,"Neil A. Forrester,Developmental Neurocognition Lab, Birkbeck, University of London",NaN,0,Multiscale Modeling of Gene–Behavior Associations in an Artificial Neural Network Model of Cognitive Development,Extended Article
1371,"Angelica RonaldDevelopmental Neurocognition Lab, Birkbeck, University of London",NaN,0,Multiscale Modeling of Gene–Behavior Associations in an Artificial Neural Network Model of Cognitive Development,Extended Article
1372,Douglas B. Markant,NaN,0,"Self-Directed Learning Favors Local, Rather Than Global, Uncertainty",Regular Article
1372,"Burr Settles,Duolingo, Inc.",NaN,0,"Self-Directed Learning Favors Local, Rather Than Global, Uncertainty",Regular Article
1372,"Todd M. GureckisDepartment of Psychology, New York University",NaN,0,"Self-Directed Learning Favors Local, Rather Than Global, Uncertainty",Regular Article
1373,Larisa Heiphetz,NaN,0,How Children and Adults Represent God's Mind,Regular Article
1373,"Jonathan D. Lane,Peabody College of Education and Human Development, Vanderbilt University",NaN,0,How Children and Adults Represent God's Mind,Regular Article
1373,"Adam Waytz,Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University",NaN,0,How Children and Adults Represent God's Mind,Regular Article
1373,"Liane L. YoungDepartment of Psychology, Boston College",NaN,0,How Children and Adults Represent God's Mind,Regular Article
1374,Riccardo Fusaroli,NaN,0,"Investigating Conversational Dynamics: Interactive Alignment, Interpersonal Synergy, and Collective Task Performance",Regular Article
1374,"Kristian TylénCenter for Semiotics, Aarhus UniversityThe Interacting Minds Centre, Aarhus University",NaN,0,"Investigating Conversational Dynamics: Interactive Alignment, Interpersonal Synergy, and Collective Task Performance",Regular Article
1375,Judith Degen,NaN,0,Availability of Alternatives and the Processing of Scalar Implicatures: A Visual World Eye-Tracking Study,Regular Article
1375,"Michael K. TanenhausDepartment of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester",NaN,0,Availability of Alternatives and the Processing of Scalar Implicatures: A Visual World Eye-Tracking Study,Regular Article
1376,A. Mike Burton,NaN,0,Identity From Variation: Representations of Faces Derived From Multiple Instances,Regular Article
1376,"Robin S. S. Kramer,School of Psychology, University of AberdeenDepartment of Psychology, University of York",NaN,0,Identity From Variation: Representations of Faces Derived From Multiple Instances,Regular Article
1376,"Kay L. Ritchie,School of Psychology, University of AberdeenDepartment of Psychology, University of York",NaN,0,Identity From Variation: Representations of Faces Derived From Multiple Instances,Regular Article
1376,"Rob JenkinsDepartment of Psychology, University of York",NaN,0,Identity From Variation: Representations of Faces Derived From Multiple Instances,Regular Article
1377,Dedre Gentner,NaN,0,Rapid Learning in a Children's Museum via Analogical Comparison,Brief Report
1377,"Susan C. Levine,Department of Psychology, University of Chicago",NaN,0,Rapid Learning in a Children's Museum via Analogical Comparison,Brief Report
1377,"Raedy Ping,Department of Psychology, Loyola University",NaN,0,Rapid Learning in a Children's Museum via Analogical Comparison,Brief Report
1377,"Ashley Isaia,Department of Psychology, University of Illinois at Chicago",NaN,0,Rapid Learning in a Children's Museum via Analogical Comparison,Brief Report
1377,"Sonica Dhillon,American Institutes for Research",NaN,0,Rapid Learning in a Children's Museum via Analogical Comparison,Brief Report
1377,"Claire Bradley,Children's Museum of Manhattan",NaN,0,Rapid Learning in a Children's Museum via Analogical Comparison,Brief Report
1377,Garrett HonkeSUNY-Binghamton,NaN,0,Rapid Learning in a Children's Museum via Analogical Comparison,Brief Report
1378,Rainer Bromme,NaN,0,Knowing Who Knows: Laypersons' Capabilities to Judge Experts' Pertinence for Science Topics,Brief Report
1378,"Eva ThommInstitute for Psychology, University of Münster",NaN,0,Knowing Who Knows: Laypersons' Capabilities to Judge Experts' Pertinence for Science Topics,Brief Report
1379,Sarah R. Beck,NaN,0,Why What Is Counterfactual Really Matters: A Response to Weisberg and Gopnik (†),Letter to Editor
1380,Deena Skolnick Weisberg,NaN,0,Which Counterfactuals Matter? A Response to Beck,Letter to Editor
1380,"Alison GopnikDepartment of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,Which Counterfactuals Matter? A Response to Beck,Letter to Editor
1381,Sarah R. Beck,NaN,0,Counterfactuals Matter: A Reply to Weisberg & Gopnik,Letter to Editor
1383,Pavel Loga?ev,NaN,0,A Multiple-Channel Model of Task-Dependent Ambiguity Resolution in Sentence Comprehension,Regular Article
1383,"Shravan VasishthDepartment of Linguistics, University of Potsdam",NaN,0,A Multiple-Channel Model of Task-Dependent Ambiguity Resolution in Sentence Comprehension,Regular Article
1384,Arash Eshghi,NaN,0,Collective Contexts in Conversation: Grounding by Proxy,Regular Article
1384,"Patrick G. T. HealeyCognitive Science Research Group, Queen Mary University of London",NaN,0,Collective Contexts in Conversation: Grounding by Proxy,Regular Article
1385,Barry J. Devereux,NaN,0,Feature Statistics Modulate the Activation of Meaning During Spoken Word Processing,Regular Article
1385,"Kirsten I. Taylor,Department of Psychology, Centre for Speech, Language and the Brain, University of CambridgeDepartment of Geriatrics, Memory Clinic, University Hospital Basel",NaN,0,Feature Statistics Modulate the Activation of Meaning During Spoken Word Processing,Regular Article
1385,"Billi Randall,Department of Psychology, Centre for Speech, Language and the Brain, University of Cambridge",NaN,0,Feature Statistics Modulate the Activation of Meaning During Spoken Word Processing,Regular Article
1385,"Jeroen Geertzen,Department of Psychology, Centre for Speech, Language and the Brain, University of Cambridge",NaN,0,Feature Statistics Modulate the Activation of Meaning During Spoken Word Processing,Regular Article
1385,"Lorraine K. TylerDepartment of Psychology, Centre for Speech, Language and the Brain, University of Cambridge",NaN,0,Feature Statistics Modulate the Activation of Meaning During Spoken Word Processing,Regular Article
1386,Janet H. Hsiao,NaN,0,Visual Similarity of Words Alone Can Modulate Hemispheric Lateralization in Visual Word Recognition: Evidence From Modeling Chinese Character Recognition,Regular Article
1386,"Kit CheungDepartment of Computing, Imperial College London",NaN,0,Visual Similarity of Words Alone Can Modulate Hemispheric Lateralization in Visual Word Recognition: Evidence From Modeling Chinese Character Recognition,Regular Article
1387,Sarah C. Creel,NaN,0,Ups and Downs in Auditory Development: Preschoolers’ Sensitivity to Pitch Contour and Timbre,Regular Article
1388,Hongjing Lu,NaN,0,A Bayesian Theory of Sequential Causal Learning and Abstract Transfer,Regular Article
1388,"Randall R. Rojas,Department of Economics, University of California, Los Angeles",NaN,0,A Bayesian Theory of Sequential Causal Learning and Abstract Transfer,Regular Article
1388,"Tom Beckers,Department of Psychology, KU LeuvenDepartment of Clinical Psychology and Amsterdam Brain and Cognition, University of Amsterdam",NaN,0,A Bayesian Theory of Sequential Causal Learning and Abstract Transfer,Regular Article
1388,"Alan L. YuilleDepartment of Psychology, University of California, Los AngelesDepartment of Statistics, University of California, Los Angeles",NaN,0,A Bayesian Theory of Sequential Causal Learning and Abstract Transfer,Regular Article
1389,Mark P. Holden,NaN,0,Seeing Like a Geologist: Bayesian Use of Expert Categories in Location Memory,Brief Report
1389,"Nora S. Newcombe,Department of Psychology, Temple University",NaN,0,Seeing Like a Geologist: Bayesian Use of Expert Categories in Location Memory,Brief Report
1389,"Ilyse Resnick,Department of Psychology, Temple University",NaN,0,Seeing Like a Geologist: Bayesian Use of Expert Categories in Location Memory,Brief Report
1389,"Thomas F. ShipleyDepartment of Psychology, Temple University",NaN,0,Seeing Like a Geologist: Bayesian Use of Expert Categories in Location Memory,Brief Report
1390,Paola Escudero,NaN,0,Cross-Situational Learning of Minimal Word Pairs,Brief Report
1390,"Karen E. Mulak,MARCS Institute, University of Western Sydney",NaN,0,Cross-Situational Learning of Minimal Word Pairs,Brief Report
1390,"Haley A. VlachDepartment of Educational Psychology, University of Wisconsin-Madison",NaN,0,Cross-Situational Learning of Minimal Word Pairs,Brief Report
1391,Benjamin Swets,NaN,0,Eye Movements Reveal the Influence of Event Structure on Reading Behavior,Brief Report
1391,"The two authors each contributed equally to this article.Christopher A. KurbyDepartment of Psychology, Grand Valley State University",NaN,0,Eye Movements Reveal the Influence of Event Structure on Reading Behavior,Brief Report
1391,The two authors each contributed equally to this article.,NaN,0,Eye Movements Reveal the Influence of Event Structure on Reading Behavior,Brief Report
1392,"Esther Walker,Department of Cognitive Science, University of California – San Diego",NaN,0,The Continuity of Metaphor: Evidence From Temporal Gestures,Brief Report
1392,Kensy Cooperrider,NaN,0,The Continuity of Metaphor: Evidence From Temporal Gestures,Brief Report
1393,Helen Fischer,NaN,0,Making Sense of Dynamic Systems: How Our Understanding of Stocks and Flows Depends on a Global Perspective,Brief Report
1393,"Cleotilde GonzalezDynamic Decision Making Laboratory, Department of Social and Decision Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University",NaN,0,Making Sense of Dynamic Systems: How Our Understanding of Stocks and Flows Depends on a Global Perspective,Brief Report
1394,Maryellen C. MacDonald,NaN,0,Are There Really Syntactic Complexity Effects in Sentence Production? A Reply to Scontras et al. (2015),Letter to Editor
1394,"Jessica L. Montag,Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Indiana University",NaN,0,Are There Really Syntactic Complexity Effects in Sentence Production? A Reply to Scontras et al. (2015),Letter to Editor
1394,"Silvia P. GennariDepartment of Psychology, The University of York",NaN,0,Are There Really Syntactic Complexity Effects in Sentence Production? A Reply to Scontras et al. (2015),Letter to Editor
1396,Heather Sheridan,NaN,0,An Analysis of the Time Course of Lexical Processing During Reading,Regular Article
1396,"Erik D. ReichleSchool of Psychology, University of Southampton",NaN,0,An Analysis of the Time Course of Lexical Processing During Reading,Regular Article
1397,Stefan L. Frank,NaN,0,Cross-Linguistic Differences in Processing Double-Embedded Relative Clauses: Working-Memory Constraints or Language Statistics?,Regular Article
1397,"Thijs Trompenaars,Centre for Language Studies, Radboud University Nijmegen",NaN,0,Cross-Linguistic Differences in Processing Double-Embedded Relative Clauses: Working-Memory Constraints or Language Statistics?,Regular Article
1397,"Shravan VasishthDepartment of Linguistics, University of PotsdamSchool of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Sheffield",NaN,0,Cross-Linguistic Differences in Processing Double-Embedded Relative Clauses: Working-Memory Constraints or Language Statistics?,Regular Article
1398,"Alberto Testolin,Department of Developmental Psychology and Socialisation, University of PadovaDepartment of General Psychology, University of Padova",NaN,0,Learning Orthographic Structure With Sequential Generative Neural Networks,Regular Article
1398,"Ivilin Stoianov,Department of General Psychology, University of PadovaCognitive Psychology Laboratory, CNRS & Aix-Marseille University",NaN,0,Learning Orthographic Structure With Sequential Generative Neural Networks,Regular Article
1398,"Alessandro Sperduti,Department of Mathematics, University of Padova",NaN,0,Learning Orthographic Structure With Sequential Generative Neural Networks,Regular Article
1398,Marco Zorzi,NaN,0,Learning Orthographic Structure With Sequential Generative Neural Networks,Regular Article
1399,Raj Singh,NaN,0,Accommodating Presuppositions Is Inappropriate in Implausible Contexts,Regular Article
1399,"Evelina Fedorenko,Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, MIT",NaN,0,Accommodating Presuppositions Is Inappropriate in Implausible Contexts,Regular Article
1399,"Kyle Mahowald,Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, MIT",NaN,0,Accommodating Presuppositions Is Inappropriate in Implausible Contexts,Regular Article
1399,"Edward GibsonDepartment of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, MIT",NaN,0,Accommodating Presuppositions Is Inappropriate in Implausible Contexts,Regular Article
1400,Andrew Shtulman,NaN,0,Attributes of God: Conceptual Foundations of a Foundational Belief,Regular Article
1400,"Marjaana LindemanInstitute of Behavioural Sciences, University of Helsinki",NaN,0,Attributes of God: Conceptual Foundations of a Foundational Belief,Regular Article
1401,"Hye Joo Han,Psychological Sciences, Purdue University",NaN,0,"The Cognitive Social Network in Dreams: Transitivity, Assortativity, and Giant Component Proportion Are Monotonic",Regular Article
1401,Richard Schweickert,NaN,0,"The Cognitive Social Network in Dreams: Transitivity, Assortativity, and Giant Component Proportion Are Monotonic",Regular Article
1401,"Zhuangzhuang Xi,Psychological Sciences, Purdue UniversityBank of America",NaN,0,"The Cognitive Social Network in Dreams: Transitivity, Assortativity, and Giant Component Proportion Are Monotonic",Regular Article
1401,"Charles Viau-QuesnelPsychological Sciences, Purdue UniversityDepartment of Psychoeducation, University of Quebec at Trois Rivieres",NaN,0,"The Cognitive Social Network in Dreams: Transitivity, Assortativity, and Giant Component Proportion Are Monotonic",Regular Article
1402,"Christopher Vredenburgh,Department of Human Development, Cornell University",NaN,0,Young Children's Help-Seeking as Active Information Gathering,Regular Article
1402,Tamar Kushnir,NaN,0,Young Children's Help-Seeking as Active Information Gathering,Regular Article
1403,"Amy M. Guthormsen,Los Alamos National Laboratory",NaN,0,Conceptual Integration of Arithmetic Operations With Real-World Knowledge: Evidence From Event-Related Potentials,Regular Article
1403,"Kristie J. Fisher,Microsoft Studios",NaN,0,Conceptual Integration of Arithmetic Operations With Real-World Knowledge: Evidence From Event-Related Potentials,Regular Article
1403,Miriam Bassok,NaN,0,Conceptual Integration of Arithmetic Operations With Real-World Knowledge: Evidence From Event-Related Potentials,Regular Article
1403,"Lee Osterhout,University of Washington",NaN,0,Conceptual Integration of Arithmetic Operations With Real-World Knowledge: Evidence From Event-Related Potentials,Regular Article
1403,"Melissa DeWolf,University of California, Los Angeles",NaN,0,Conceptual Integration of Arithmetic Operations With Real-World Knowledge: Evidence From Event-Related Potentials,Regular Article
1403,"Keith J. HolyoakUniversity of California, Los Angeles",NaN,0,Conceptual Integration of Arithmetic Operations With Real-World Knowledge: Evidence From Event-Related Potentials,Regular Article
1404,Katya Tentori,NaN,0,Judging the Probability of Hypotheses Versus the Impact of Evidence: Which Form of Inductive Inference Is More Accurate and Time-Consistent?,Regular Article
1404,"Nick Chater,Behavioural Science Group, Warwick Business School",NaN,0,Judging the Probability of Hypotheses Versus the Impact of Evidence: Which Form of Inductive Inference Is More Accurate and Time-Consistent?,Regular Article
1404,"Vincenzo CrupiCenter for Logic, Language, and Cognition, University of TurinMunich Center for Mathematical Philosophy, Ludwig Maximilian University",NaN,0,Judging the Probability of Hypotheses Versus the Impact of Evidence: Which Form of Inductive Inference Is More Accurate and Time-Consistent?,Regular Article
1406,Eric Crawford,NaN,0,"Biologically Plausible, Human-Scale Knowledge Representation",Extended Article
1406,"Matthew Gingerich,University of British Columbia",NaN,0,"Biologically Plausible, Human-Scale Knowledge Representation",Extended Article
1406,"Chris EliasmithComputational Neuroscience Research Group, University of Waterloo",NaN,0,"Biologically Plausible, Human-Scale Knowledge Representation",Extended Article
1407,Marc Ettlinger,NaN,0,The Relationship Between Artificial and Second Language Learning,Regular Article
1407,"Kara Morgan-Short,Department of Hispanic and Italian Studies, University of Illinois at ChicagoDepartment of Psychology, University of Illinois at Chicago",NaN,0,The Relationship Between Artificial and Second Language Learning,Regular Article
1407,"Mandy Faretta-Stutenberg,Department of Foreign Languages and Literatures, Northern Illinois University",NaN,0,The Relationship Between Artificial and Second Language Learning,Regular Article
1407,"Patrick C.M. WongDepartment of Linguistics and Modern Languages and the CUHK-Utrecht University Joint Centre for Language, Mind, and Brain, The Chinese University of Hong KongThe Roxelyn and Richard Pepper Department of Communication Sciences and Disorders and the Department of Otolaryngology—Head and Neck Surgery, Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University",NaN,0,The Relationship Between Artificial and Second Language Learning,Regular Article
1408,Niels Skovgaard-Olsen,NaN,0,Ranking Theory and Conditional Reasoning,Regular Article
1409,Mathias W. Madsen,NaN,0,Cognitive Metaphor Theory and the Metaphysics of Immediacy,Regular Article
1410,Chie Nakamura,NaN,0,Persistence of Initial Misanalysis With No Referential Ambiguity,Regular Article
1410,"Manabu AraiDepartment of Language and Information Sciences, The University of Tokyo",NaN,0,Persistence of Initial Misanalysis With No Referential Ambiguity,Regular Article
1411,Elena Hoicka,NaN,0,Parents Produce Explicit Cues That Help Toddlers Distinguish Joking and Pretending,Regular Article
1411,"Jessica ButcherPsychology School of Natural Sciences, University of Stirling",NaN,0,Parents Produce Explicit Cues That Help Toddlers Distinguish Joking and Pretending,Regular Article
1412,Sabela Fondevila,NaN,0,Counterintuitive Religious Ideas and Metaphoric Thinking: An Event-Related Brain Potential Study,Regular Article
1412,"Sabrina Aristei,Institute for Psychology, Humboldt-University at Berlin",NaN,0,Counterintuitive Religious Ideas and Metaphoric Thinking: An Event-Related Brain Potential Study,Regular Article
1412,"Werner Sommer,Institute for Psychology, Humboldt-University at Berlin",NaN,0,Counterintuitive Religious Ideas and Metaphoric Thinking: An Event-Related Brain Potential Study,Regular Article
1412,"Laura Jiménez-Ortega,Center for Human Evolution and Behaviour, UCM-ISCIIIPsychobiology Department, Complutense University of Madrid",NaN,0,Counterintuitive Religious Ideas and Metaphoric Thinking: An Event-Related Brain Potential Study,Regular Article
1412,"Pilar Casado,Center for Human Evolution and Behaviour, UCM-ISCIIIPsychobiology Department, Complutense University of Madrid",NaN,0,Counterintuitive Religious Ideas and Metaphoric Thinking: An Event-Related Brain Potential Study,Regular Article
1412,"Manuel Martín-LoechesCenter for Human Evolution and Behaviour, UCM-ISCIIIPsychobiology Department, Complutense University of Madrid",NaN,0,Counterintuitive Religious Ideas and Metaphoric Thinking: An Event-Related Brain Potential Study,Regular Article
1413,Kevin J. Riggs,NaN,0,Parallels Between Action-Object Mapping and Word-Object Mapping in Young Children,Brief Report
1413,"Emily Mather,Department of Psychology, University of Hull",NaN,0,Parallels Between Action-Object Mapping and Word-Object Mapping in Young Children,Brief Report
1413,"Grace Hyde,Department of Psychology, University of Essex",NaN,0,Parallels Between Action-Object Mapping and Word-Object Mapping in Young Children,Brief Report
1413,"Andrew SimpsonDepartment of Psychology, University of Essex",NaN,0,Parallels Between Action-Object Mapping and Word-Object Mapping in Young Children,Brief Report
1414,David J. Stevens,NaN,0,Statistical Learning Is Not Affected by a Prior Bout of Physical Exercise,Brief Report
1414,"Joanne Arciuli,Discipline of Speech Pathology, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Sydney",NaN,0,Statistical Learning Is Not Affected by a Prior Bout of Physical Exercise,Brief Report
1414,"David I. AndersonExercise, Health, and Performance Research Group, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of SydneyDepartment of Kinesiology, San Francisco State University",NaN,0,Statistical Learning Is Not Affected by a Prior Bout of Physical Exercise,Brief Report
1415,Laure Minier,NaN,0,The Temporal Dynamics of Regularity Extraction in Non-Human Primates,Brief Report
1415,"Joël Fagot,Cognitive Psychology Laboratory, CNRS and Aix-Marseille UniversityBrain and Language Research Institute, Aix-Marseille University",NaN,0,The Temporal Dynamics of Regularity Extraction in Non-Human Primates,Brief Report
1415,"Arnaud ReyCognitive Psychology Laboratory, CNRS and Aix-Marseille UniversityBrain and Language Research Institute, Aix-Marseille University",NaN,0,The Temporal Dynamics of Regularity Extraction in Non-Human Primates,Brief Report
1418,Hee Seung Lee,NaN,0,Learning Problem-Solving Rules as Search Through a Hypothesis Space,Extended Article
1418,"Shawn Betts,Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University",NaN,0,Learning Problem-Solving Rules as Search Through a Hypothesis Space,Extended Article
1418,"John R. AndersonDepartment of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University",NaN,0,Learning Problem-Solving Rules as Search Through a Hypothesis Space,Extended Article
1419,Timothy L. Dunn,NaN,0,Toward a Metacognitive Account of Cognitive Offloading,Extended Article
1419,"Evan F. RiskoDepartment of Psychology, University of Waterloo",NaN,0,Toward a Metacognitive Account of Cognitive Offloading,Extended Article
1420,Peter Blouw,NaN,0,Concepts as Semantic Pointers: A Framework and Computational Model,Regular Article
1420,"Eugene Solodkin,Center for Theoretical Neuroscience, University of Waterloo",NaN,0,Concepts as Semantic Pointers: A Framework and Computational Model,Regular Article
1420,"Paul Thagard,Center for Theoretical Neuroscience, University of Waterloo",NaN,0,Concepts as Semantic Pointers: A Framework and Computational Model,Regular Article
1420,"Chris EliasmithCenter for Theoretical Neuroscience, University of Waterloo",NaN,0,Concepts as Semantic Pointers: A Framework and Computational Model,Regular Article
1421,Cleotilde Gonzalez,NaN,0,Framing From Experience: Cognitive Processes and Predictions of Risky Choice,Regular Article
1421,"Katja MehlhornDynamic Decision Making Laboratory, Department of Social and Decision Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University",NaN,0,Framing From Experience: Cognitive Processes and Predictions of Risky Choice,Regular Article
1422,Andrew Howes,NaN,0,Predicting Short-Term Remembering as Boundedly Optimal Strategy Choice,Regular Article
1422,"Geoffrey B. Duggan,Department of Psychology, University of Exeter",NaN,0,Predicting Short-Term Remembering as Boundedly Optimal Strategy Choice,Regular Article
1422,"Kiran Kalidindi,Manchester Business School, University of Manchester",NaN,0,Predicting Short-Term Remembering as Boundedly Optimal Strategy Choice,Regular Article
1422,"Yuan-Chi Tseng,Department of Industrial Design, National Cheng Kung University",NaN,0,Predicting Short-Term Remembering as Boundedly Optimal Strategy Choice,Regular Article
1422,"Richard L. LewisSchool of Psychology, University of Michigan",NaN,0,Predicting Short-Term Remembering as Boundedly Optimal Strategy Choice,Regular Article
1423,Tinka Welke,NaN,0,Exploring Temporal Progression of Events Using Eye Tracking,Regular Article
1423,"Susanne Raisig,Department of Psychology, Humboldt University of Berlin",NaN,0,Exploring Temporal Progression of Events Using Eye Tracking,Regular Article
1423,"Herbert Hagendorf,Department of Psychology, Humboldt University of Berlin",NaN,0,Exploring Temporal Progression of Events Using Eye Tracking,Regular Article
1423,"Elke van der MeerDepartment of Psychology, Humboldt University of Berlin",NaN,0,Exploring Temporal Progression of Events Using Eye Tracking,Regular Article
1424,Matthew Fisher,NaN,0,The Curse of Expertise: When More Knowledge Leads to Miscalibrated Explanatory Insight,Brief Report
1424,"Frank C. KeilDepartment of Psychology, Yale University",NaN,0,The Curse of Expertise: When More Knowledge Leads to Miscalibrated Explanatory Insight,Brief Report
1425,Justine T. Kao,NaN,0,A Computational Model of Linguistic Humor in Puns,Brief Report
1425,"Roger Levy,Department of Linguistics, University of California at San Diego",NaN,0,A Computational Model of Linguistic Humor in Puns,Brief Report
1425,"Noah D. GoodmanDepartment of Psychology, Stanford University",NaN,0,A Computational Model of Linguistic Humor in Puns,Brief Report
1427,Anna N. Rafferty,NaN,0,Faster Teaching via POMDP Planning,Extended Article
1427,"Emma Brunskill,Computer Science Department, Carnegie Mellon University",NaN,0,Faster Teaching via POMDP Planning,Extended Article
1427,"Thomas L. Griffiths,Department of Psychology, University of California",NaN,0,Faster Teaching via POMDP Planning,Extended Article
1427,"Patrick ShaftoDepartment of Mathematics and Computer Science, Rutgers University – Newark",NaN,0,Faster Teaching via POMDP Planning,Extended Article
1428,Lea Frermann,NaN,0,Incremental Bayesian Category Learning From Natural Language,Extended Article
1428,"Mirella LapataInstitute for Language, Cognition and Computation, School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,Incremental Bayesian Category Learning From Natural Language,Extended Article
1429,Tal Linzen,NaN,0,Uncertainty and Expectation in Sentence Processing: Evidence From Subcategorization Distributions,Regular Article
1429,"T. Florian JaegerDepartment of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Department of Computer Science, and Department of Linguistics, University of Rochester",NaN,0,Uncertainty and Expectation in Sentence Processing: Evidence From Subcategorization Distributions,Regular Article
1430,Jackson Tolins,NaN,0,Overhearers Use Addressee Backchannels in Dialog Comprehension,Regular Article
1430,Jean E. Fox Tree,NaN,0,Overhearers Use Addressee Backchannels in Dialog Comprehension,Regular Article
1431,Ben Ambridge,NaN,0,Is Passive Syntax Semantically Constrained? Evidence From Adult Grammaticality Judgment and Comprehension Studies,Regular Article
1431,"Amy Bidgood,University of Liverpool, ESRC International Centre for Language and Communicative Development (LuCiD)",NaN,0,Is Passive Syntax Semantically Constrained? Evidence From Adult Grammaticality Judgment and Comprehension Studies,Regular Article
1431,"Julian M. Pine,University of Liverpool, ESRC International Centre for Language and Communicative Development (LuCiD)",NaN,0,Is Passive Syntax Semantically Constrained? Evidence From Adult Grammaticality Judgment and Comprehension Studies,Regular Article
1431,"Caroline F. Rowland,University of Liverpool, ESRC International Centre for Language and Communicative Development (LuCiD)",NaN,0,Is Passive Syntax Semantically Constrained? Evidence From Adult Grammaticality Judgment and Comprehension Studies,Regular Article
1431,"Daniel FreudenthalUniversity of Liverpool, ESRC International Centre for Language and Communicative Development (LuCiD)",NaN,0,Is Passive Syntax Semantically Constrained? Evidence From Adult Grammaticality Judgment and Comprehension Studies,Regular Article
1432,Thomas M. Gruenenfelder,NaN,0,Graph-Theoretic Properties of Networks Based on Word Association Norms: Implications for Models of Lexical Semantic Memory,Regular Article
1432,"Gabriel Recchia,Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Indiana University",NaN,0,Graph-Theoretic Properties of Networks Based on Word Association Norms: Implications for Models of Lexical Semantic Memory,Regular Article
1432,"Tim Rubin,Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Indiana University",NaN,0,Graph-Theoretic Properties of Networks Based on Word Association Norms: Implications for Models of Lexical Semantic Memory,Regular Article
1432,"Michael N. JonesDepartment of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Indiana University",NaN,0,Graph-Theoretic Properties of Networks Based on Word Association Norms: Implications for Models of Lexical Semantic Memory,Regular Article
1433,Adam J. L. Harris,NaN,0,The Appeal to Expert Opinion: Quantitative Support for a Bayesian Network Approach,Regular Article
1433,"Ulrike Hahn,Department of Psychological Science, Birkbeck College, London",NaN,0,The Appeal to Expert Opinion: Quantitative Support for a Bayesian Network Approach,Regular Article
1433,"Jens K. Madsen,Department of Psychological Science, Birkbeck College, London",NaN,0,The Appeal to Expert Opinion: Quantitative Support for a Bayesian Network Approach,Regular Article
1433,"Anne S. HsuSchool of Electronic Engineering and Computer Science, Queen Mary University, London",NaN,0,The Appeal to Expert Opinion: Quantitative Support for a Bayesian Network Approach,Regular Article
1434,"Joshua A. Hemmerich,Department of Medicine, The University of Chicago",NaN,0,"Anomalous Evidence, Confidence Change, and Theory Change",Regular Article
1434,"Kellie Van Voorhis,Department of Medicine, The University of Chicago",NaN,0,"Anomalous Evidence, Confidence Change, and Theory Change",Regular Article
1434,Jennifer Wiley,NaN,0,"Anomalous Evidence, Confidence Change, and Theory Change",Regular Article
1435,Yitzhaq Feder,NaN,0,"Contamination Appraisals, Pollution Beliefs, and the Role of Cultural Inheritance in Shaping Disease Avoidance Behavior",Regular Article
1437,Kazuhiko Yokosawa,NaN,0,Ecological Effects in Cross-Cultural Differences Between U.S. and Japanese Color Preferences,Regular Article
1437,"Karen B. Schloss,Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences, Brown University",NaN,0,Ecological Effects in Cross-Cultural Differences Between U.S. and Japanese Color Preferences,Regular Article
1437,"Michiko Asano,Department of Psychology, College of Contemporary Psychology, Rikkyo University",NaN,0,Ecological Effects in Cross-Cultural Differences Between U.S. and Japanese Color Preferences,Regular Article
1437,"Stephen E. PalmerDepartment of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,Ecological Effects in Cross-Cultural Differences Between U.S. and Japanese Color Preferences,Regular Article
1438,Ruud Koolen,NaN,0,How Distractor Objects Trigger Referential Overspecification: Testing the Effects of Visual Clutter and Distractor Distance†,Regular Article
1438,"Emiel Krahmer,Tilburg Center for Cognition and Communication (TiCC), School of Humanities, Tilburg University",NaN,0,How Distractor Objects Trigger Referential Overspecification: Testing the Effects of Visual Clutter and Distractor Distance†,Regular Article
1438,"Marc SwertsTilburg Center for Cognition and Communication (TiCC), School of Humanities, Tilburg University",NaN,0,How Distractor Objects Trigger Referential Overspecification: Testing the Effects of Visual Clutter and Distractor Distance†,Regular Article
1439,Kurt Stocker,NaN,0,Eye Movements Reveal Mental Looking Through Time,Regular Article
1439,"Matthias Hartmann,Department of Psychology, University of BernCenter for Cognition, Learning and Memory, University of Bern",NaN,0,Eye Movements Reveal Mental Looking Through Time,Regular Article
1439,"Corinna S. Martarelli,Department of Psychology, University of BernCenter for Cognition, Learning and Memory, University of Bern",NaN,0,Eye Movements Reveal Mental Looking Through Time,Regular Article
1439,"Fred W. MastDepartment of Psychology, University of BernCenter for Cognition, Learning and Memory, University of Bern",NaN,0,Eye Movements Reveal Mental Looking Through Time,Regular Article
1440,Konstantina Garoufi,NaN,0,Exploiting Listener Gaze to Improve Situated Communication in Dynamic Virtual Environments†,Regular Article
1440,"Maria Staudte,Department of Computational Linguistics, Saarland University",NaN,0,Exploiting Listener Gaze to Improve Situated Communication in Dynamic Virtual Environments†,Regular Article
1440,"Alexander Koller,Department of Linguistics, University of Potsdam",NaN,0,Exploiting Listener Gaze to Improve Situated Communication in Dynamic Virtual Environments†,Regular Article
1440,"Matthew W. CrockerDepartment of Computational Linguistics, Saarland University",NaN,0,Exploiting Listener Gaze to Improve Situated Communication in Dynamic Virtual Environments†,Regular Article
1441,"Sanna H. M. Räsänen,School of Psychology, University of Liverpool",NaN,0,An Elicited-Production Study of Inflectional Verb Morphology in Child Finnish,Regular Article
1441,Ben Ambridge,NaN,0,An Elicited-Production Study of Inflectional Verb Morphology in Child Finnish,Regular Article
1441,"Julian M. PineSchool of Psychology, University of LiverpoolESRC International Centre for Language and Communicative Development (LuCiD), University of Liverpool",NaN,0,An Elicited-Production Study of Inflectional Verb Morphology in Child Finnish,Regular Article
1442,Sofoklis Kakouros,NaN,0,Perception of Sentence Stress in Speech Correlates With the Temporal Unpredictability of Prosodic Features,Regular Article
1442,"Okko RäsänenDepartment of Signal Processing and Acoustics, Aalto University",NaN,0,Perception of Sentence Stress in Speech Correlates With the Temporal Unpredictability of Prosodic Features,Regular Article
1443,Keith J. Ransom,NaN,0,Leaping to Conclusions: Why Premise Relevance Affects Argument Strength,Regular Article
1443,"Amy Perfors,School of Psychology, University of Adelaide",NaN,0,Leaping to Conclusions: Why Premise Relevance Affects Argument Strength,Regular Article
1443,"Daniel J. NavarroSchool of Psychology, University of Adelaide",NaN,0,Leaping to Conclusions: Why Premise Relevance Affects Argument Strength,Regular Article
1444,Martin Lang,NaN,0,Lost in the Rhythm: Effects of Rhythm on Subsequent Interpersonal Coordination,Brief Report
1444,"Daniel J. Shaw,Behavioural and Social Neuroscience Group, CEITEC, Masaryk University",NaN,0,Lost in the Rhythm: Effects of Rhythm on Subsequent Interpersonal Coordination,Brief Report
1444,"Paul Reddish,Laboratory for the Experimental Research of Religion, Masaryk University",NaN,0,Lost in the Rhythm: Effects of Rhythm on Subsequent Interpersonal Coordination,Brief Report
1444,"Sebastian Wallot,Laboratory for the Experimental Research of Religion, Masaryk UniversityInteracting Minds Centre, Aarhus University",NaN,0,Lost in the Rhythm: Effects of Rhythm on Subsequent Interpersonal Coordination,Brief Report
1444,"Panagiotis Mitkidis,Laboratory for the Experimental Research of Religion, Masaryk UniversityInteracting Minds Centre, Aarhus UniversityCenter for Advanced Hindsight, Social Science Research Institute, Duke UniversityInterdisciplinary Centre for Organizational Architecture, Aarhus University",NaN,0,Lost in the Rhythm: Effects of Rhythm on Subsequent Interpersonal Coordination,Brief Report
1444,"Dimitris XygalatasLaboratory for the Experimental Research of Religion, Masaryk UniversityDepartment of Anthropology, University of ConnecticutInteracting Minds Centre, Aarhus University",NaN,0,Lost in the Rhythm: Effects of Rhythm on Subsequent Interpersonal Coordination,Brief Report
1445,Anjali Bhatara,NaN,0,Language Experience Affects Grouping of Musical Instrument Sounds,Brief Report
1445,"Natalie Boll-Avetisyan,Faculty of Cognitive Sciences, University of Potsdam",NaN,0,Language Experience Affects Grouping of Musical Instrument Sounds,Brief Report
1445,"Trevor Agus,CNRS (Psychology of Perception Laboratory, UMR 8242)Paris Descartes University, Sorbonne Paris CitéSonic Arts Research Centre, School of Creative Arts, Queen's University Belfast",NaN,0,Language Experience Affects Grouping of Musical Instrument Sounds,Brief Report
1445,"Barbara Höhle,Faculty of Cognitive Sciences, University of Potsdam",NaN,0,Language Experience Affects Grouping of Musical Instrument Sounds,Brief Report
1445,"Thierry NazziCNRS (Psychology of Perception Laboratory, UMR 8242)Paris Descartes University, Sorbonne Paris Cité",NaN,0,Language Experience Affects Grouping of Musical Instrument Sounds,Brief Report
1446,Neon Brooks,NaN,0,Moving to Learn: How Guiding the Hands Can Set the Stage for Learning,Brief Report
1446,"Susan Goldin-MeadowDepartment of Psychology, University of Chicago",NaN,0,Moving to Learn: How Guiding the Hands Can Set the Stage for Learning,Brief Report
1448,Yang Wu,NaN,0,The Invisible Hand: Toddlers Connect Probabilistic Events With Agentive Causes,Regular Article
1448,"Paul Muentener,Department of Psychology, Tufts University",NaN,0,The Invisible Hand: Toddlers Connect Probabilistic Events With Agentive Causes,Regular Article
1448,"Laura E. SchulzDepartment of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology",NaN,0,The Invisible Hand: Toddlers Connect Probabilistic Events With Agentive Causes,Regular Article
1449,Katrina Ferrara,NaN,0,Spatial Language and the Embedded Listener Model in Parents’ Input to Children,Regular Article
1449,"Malena Silva,Department of Cognitive Science, Johns Hopkins University",NaN,0,Spatial Language and the Embedded Listener Model in Parents’ Input to Children,Regular Article
1449,"Colin Wilson,Department of Cognitive Science, Johns Hopkins University",NaN,0,Spatial Language and the Embedded Listener Model in Parents’ Input to Children,Regular Article
1449,"Barbara LandauDepartment of Cognitive Science, Johns Hopkins University",NaN,0,Spatial Language and the Embedded Listener Model in Parents’ Input to Children,Regular Article
1450,Jasmin Sadat,NaN,0,Breaking Down the Bilingual Cost in Speech Production,Regular Article
1450,"Clara D. Martin,Basque Center on Cognition, Brain and LanguageIKERBASQUE, Basque Foundation for Science",NaN,0,Breaking Down the Bilingual Cost in Speech Production,Regular Article
1450,"James S. Magnuson,Department of Psychology, University of ConnecticutHaskins Laboratories",NaN,0,Breaking Down the Bilingual Cost in Speech Production,Regular Article
1450,"François-Xavier Alario,Laboratory of Cognitive Psychology, CNRS and Aix-Marseille University",NaN,0,Breaking Down the Bilingual Cost in Speech Production,Regular Article
1450,"Albert CostaDepartment of Information and Communications Technologies, Pompeu Fabra UniversityCatalan Institution for Research and Advanced Studies, (ICREA)",NaN,0,Breaking Down the Bilingual Cost in Speech Production,Regular Article
1451,"Tianyin Liu,Department of Psychology, University of Hong Kong",NaN,0,Transfer of Perceptual Expertise: The Case of Simplified and Traditional Chinese Character Recognition,Regular Article
1451,"Tin Yim Chuk,Department of Psychology, University of Hong Kong",NaN,0,Transfer of Perceptual Expertise: The Case of Simplified and Traditional Chinese Character Recognition,Regular Article
1451,"Su-Ling Yeh,Department of Psychology, National Taiwan University",NaN,0,Transfer of Perceptual Expertise: The Case of Simplified and Traditional Chinese Character Recognition,Regular Article
1451,Janet H. Hsiao,NaN,0,Transfer of Perceptual Expertise: The Case of Simplified and Traditional Chinese Character Recognition,Regular Article
1452,Tessa Verhoef,NaN,0,Iconicity and the Emergence of Combinatorial Structure in Language,Regular Article
1452,"Simon Kirby,School of Philosophy, Psychology and Language Sciences, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,Iconicity and the Emergence of Combinatorial Structure in Language,Regular Article
1452,"Bart de BoerArtificial Intelligence Lab, Vrije Universiteit Brussel",NaN,0,Iconicity and the Emergence of Combinatorial Structure in Language,Regular Article
1453,Moreno I. Coco,NaN,0,Anticipation in Real-World Scenes: The Role of Visual Context and Visual Memory†,Regular Article
1453,"Frank Keller,School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,Anticipation in Real-World Scenes: The Role of Visual Context and Visual Memory†,Regular Article
1453,"George L. MalcolmDepartment of Psychology, The George Washington University",NaN,0,Anticipation in Real-World Scenes: The Role of Visual Context and Visual Memory†,Regular Article
1454,Adam Bear,NaN,0,What Do People Find Incompatible With Causal Determinism?,Regular Article
1454,"Joshua KnobeProgram in Cognitive Science, Yale UniversityDepartment of Philosophy, Yale University",NaN,0,What Do People Find Incompatible With Causal Determinism?,Regular Article
1455,Shiri Lev-Ari,NaN,0,How the Size of Our Social Network Influences Our Semantic Skills,Brief Report
1456,Gabriel L. Recchia,NaN,0,Archaeology Through Computational Linguistics: Inscription Statistics Predict Excavation Sites of Indus Valley Artifacts,Brief Report
1456,"Max M. LouwerseDepartment of Communication and Information Sciences, Tilburg University",NaN,0,Archaeology Through Computational Linguistics: Inscription Statistics Predict Excavation Sites of Indus Valley Artifacts,Brief Report
1457,Yang Xu,NaN,0,Historical Semantic Chaining and Efficient Communication: The Case of Container Names,Brief Report
1457,"Terry Regier,Department of Linguistics, Cognitive Science Program, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,Historical Semantic Chaining and Efficient Communication: The Case of Container Names,Brief Report
1457,"Barbara C. MaltDepartment of Psychology, Lehigh University",NaN,0,Historical Semantic Chaining and Efficient Communication: The Case of Container Names,Brief Report
1458,Stephanie A. Malone,NaN,0,Is It a Name or a Fact? Disambiguation of Reference Via Exclusivity and Pragmatic Reasoning,Brief Report
1458,"Marina Kalashnikova,The MARCS Institute, University of Western Sydney",NaN,0,Is It a Name or a Fact? Disambiguation of Reference Via Exclusivity and Pragmatic Reasoning,Brief Report
1458,"Erin M. DavisSchool of Psychology, Australian Catholic University",NaN,0,Is It a Name or a Fact? Disambiguation of Reference Via Exclusivity and Pragmatic Reasoning,Brief Report
1459,Alessandro Guida,NaN,0,A SPoARC in the Dark: Spatialization in Verbal Immediate Memory,Brief Report
1459,"Aurélie Leroux,Department of Life Sciences and the Environment, University of Rennes 1",NaN,0,A SPoARC in the Dark: Spatialization in Verbal Immediate Memory,Brief Report
1459,"Magali Lavielle-Guida,Cabinet of Psychology and Speech, St. Malo",NaN,0,A SPoARC in the Dark: Spatialization in Verbal Immediate Memory,Brief Report
1459,"Yvonnick NoëlDepartment of Psychology, CRPCC, University of Rennes 2",NaN,0,A SPoARC in the Dark: Spatialization in Verbal Immediate Memory,Brief Report
1460,"Emmanuel Trouche,CNRS, Laboratory for Language, Brain and Cognition",NaN,0,The Selective Laziness of Reasoning,Brief Report
1460,"Petter Johansson,Cognitive Science, Lund UniversitySwedish Collegium for Advanced Study, Uppsala University",NaN,0,The Selective Laziness of Reasoning,Brief Report
1460,"Lars Hall,Cognitive Science, Lund University",NaN,0,The Selective Laziness of Reasoning,Brief Report
1460,Hugo Mercier,NaN,0,The Selective Laziness of Reasoning,Brief Report
1461,Ralf Mayrhofer,NaN,0,Sufficiency and Necessity Assumptions in Causal Structure Induction,Brief Report
1461,"Michael R. WaldmannDepartment of Psychology, University of Göttingen",NaN,0,Sufficiency and Necessity Assumptions in Causal Structure Induction,Brief Report
1464,Elliott Moreton,NaN,0,Phonological Concept Learning,Extended Article
1464,"Joe Pater,Department of Linguistics, University of Massachusetts",NaN,0,Phonological Concept Learning,Extended Article
1464,"Katya PertsovaDepartment of Linguistics, University of North Carolina",NaN,0,Phonological Concept Learning,Extended Article
1465,Brent Strickland,NaN,0,Language Reflects “Core” Cognition: A New Theory About the Origin of Cross-Linguistic Regularities,Regular Article
1466,Eva M. Vecchi,NaN,0,Spicy Adjectives and Nominal Donkeys: Capturing Semantic Deviance Using Compositionality in Distributional Spaces,Regular Article
1466,"Marco Marelli,Center for Mind/Brain Sciences, University of Trento",NaN,0,Spicy Adjectives and Nominal Donkeys: Capturing Semantic Deviance Using Compositionality in Distributional Spaces,Regular Article
1466,"Roberto Zamparelli,Department of Psychology and Cognitive Science, University of Trento",NaN,0,Spicy Adjectives and Nominal Donkeys: Capturing Semantic Deviance Using Compositionality in Distributional Spaces,Regular Article
1466,"Marco BaroniDepartment of Information Engineering and Computer Science, University of Trento",NaN,0,Spicy Adjectives and Nominal Donkeys: Capturing Semantic Deviance Using Compositionality in Distributional Spaces,Regular Article
1467,Susana Silva,NaN,0,The P600 in Implicit Artificial Grammar Learning,Regular Article
1467,"Vasiliki Folia,Neurobiology of Language, Max Planck Institute for PsycholinguisticsNeurocognition of Language, Donders Institute for Brain, Cognition and Behaviour, Radboud University Nijmegen",NaN,0,The P600 in Implicit Artificial Grammar Learning,Regular Article
1467,"Peter Hagoort,Neurobiology of Language, Max Planck Institute for PsycholinguisticsNeurocognition of Language, Donders Institute for Brain, Cognition and Behaviour, Radboud University Nijmegen",NaN,0,The P600 in Implicit Artificial Grammar Learning,Regular Article
1467,Karl Magnus Petersson,NaN,0,The P600 in Implicit Artificial Grammar Learning,Regular Article
1468,Andrea Bender,NaN,0,The Power of 2: How an Apparently Irregular Numeration System Facilitates Mental Arithmetic,Regular Article
1468,"Sieghard BellerDepartment of Psychosocial Science, University of Bergen",NaN,0,The Power of 2: How an Apparently Irregular Numeration System Facilitates Mental Arithmetic,Regular Article
1469,"Annie Gagliardi,School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,Modeling Statistical Insensitivity: Sources of Suboptimal Behavior†,Regular Article
1469,Naomi H. Feldman,NaN,0,Modeling Statistical Insensitivity: Sources of Suboptimal Behavior†,Regular Article
1469,"Jeffrey LidzDepartment of Linguistics, University of Maryland",NaN,0,Modeling Statistical Insensitivity: Sources of Suboptimal Behavior†,Regular Article
1470,Paula Rubio-Fernández,NaN,0,Can We Forget What We Know in a False-Belief Task? An Investigation of the True-Belief Default,Regular Article
1471,Adam S. Cohen,NaN,0,Automatic Mechanisms for Social Attention Are Culturally Penetrable,Brief Report
1471,"Joni Y. Sasaki,Department of Psychology, York University",NaN,0,Automatic Mechanisms for Social Attention Are Culturally Penetrable,Brief Report
1471,"Tamsin C. German,Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences, University of California, Santa Barbara",NaN,0,Automatic Mechanisms for Social Attention Are Culturally Penetrable,Brief Report
1471,"Heejung S. KimDepartment of Psychological and Brain Sciences, University of California, Santa Barbara",NaN,0,Automatic Mechanisms for Social Attention Are Culturally Penetrable,Brief Report
1472,Eyal Sagi,NaN,0,Language Use and Coalition Formation in Multiparty Negotiations,Brief Report
1472,"Daniel DiermeierHarris School of Public Policy, University of Chicago",NaN,0,Language Use and Coalition Formation in Multiparty Negotiations,Brief Report
1475,Chen Yu,NaN,0,Multiple Sensory-Motor Pathways Lead to Coordinated Visual Attention,Regular Article
1475,"Linda B. SmithDepartment of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Cognitive Science Program, Indiana University",NaN,0,Multiple Sensory-Motor Pathways Lead to Coordinated Visual Attention,Regular Article
1476,Anthony F. Morse,NaN,0,Why Are There Developmental Stages in Language Learning? A Developmental Robotics Model of Language Development,Regular Article
1476,"Angelo CangelosiCentre for Robotics and Neural Systems, University of Plymouth",NaN,0,Why Are There Developmental Stages in Language Learning? A Developmental Robotics Model of Language Development,Regular Article
1477,Larissa K. Samuelson,NaN,0,Moving Word Learning to a Novel Space: A Dynamic Systems View of Referent Selection and Retention,Regular Article
1477,"Sarah C. Kucker,The Callier Center for Communication Disorders, School of Behavioral and Brain Sciences, The University of Texas at DallasDeLTA Center",NaN,0,Moving Word Learning to a Novel Space: A Dynamic Systems View of Referent Selection and Retention,Regular Article
1477,"John P. SpencerSchool of Psychology, University of East AngliaDeLTA Center",NaN,0,Moving Word Learning to a Novel Space: A Dynamic Systems View of Referent Selection and Retention,Regular Article
1478,Eliana Colunga,NaN,0,Not Only Size Matters: Early-Talker and Late-Talker Vocabularies Support Different Word-Learning Biases in Babies and Networks,Regular Article
1478,"Clare E. SimsDepartment of Psychology and Neuroscience, University of Colorado, Boulder",NaN,0,Not Only Size Matters: Early-Talker and Late-Talker Vocabularies Support Different Word-Learning Biases in Babies and Networks,Regular Article
1479,"Joseph M. Burling,Department of Psychology, University of California, Los Angeles",NaN,0,Highlighting in Early Childhood: Learning Biases Through Attentional Shifting,Regular Article
1479,Hanako Yoshida,NaN,0,Highlighting in Early Childhood: Learning Biases Through Attentional Shifting,Regular Article
1480,Tomas Engelthaler,NaN,0,Feature Biases in Early Word Learning: Network Distinctiveness Predicts Age of Acquisition,Regular Article
1480,"Thomas T. HillsDepartment of Psychology, University of Warwick",NaN,0,Feature Biases in Early Word Learning: Network Distinctiveness Predicts Age of Acquisition,Regular Article
1481,Stanka A. Fitneva,NaN,0,Developmental Changes in Cross-Situational Word Learning: The Inverse Effect of Initial Accuracy,Regular Article
1481,"Morten H. ChristiansenDepartment of Psychology, Cornell University",NaN,0,Developmental Changes in Cross-Situational Word Learning: The Inverse Effect of Initial Accuracy,Regular Article
1482,Meredith L. Rowe,NaN,0,Going Beyond Input Quantity: Wh-Questions Matter for Toddlers' Language and Cognitive Development,Regular Article
1482,"Kathryn A. Leech,Harvard University, Graduate School of EducationDepartment of Human Development and Quantitative Methodology, University of Maryland, College Park",NaN,0,Going Beyond Input Quantity: Wh-Questions Matter for Toddlers' Language and Cognitive Development,Regular Article
1482,"Natasha CabreraDepartment of Human Development and Quantitative Methodology, University of Maryland, College Park",NaN,0,Going Beyond Input Quantity: Wh-Questions Matter for Toddlers' Language and Cognitive Development,Regular Article
1485,Ray Jackendoff,NaN,0,In Defense of Theory,Regular Article
1486,Peter W. Culicover,NaN,0,Syntactic Change in the Parallel Architecture: The Case of Parasitic Gaps,Regular Article
1487,Adele E. Goldberg,NaN,0,One Among Many: Anaphoric One and Its Relationship With Numeral One,Regular Article
1487,"Laura A. MichaelisLinguistics Department, University of Colorado",NaN,0,One Among Many: Anaphoric One and Its Relationship With Numeral One,Regular Article
1488,Frederick J. Newmeyer,NaN,0,Form and Function in the Evolution of Grammar,Regular Article
1489,Geert Booij,NaN,0,Construction Morphology and the Parallel Architecture of Grammar,Regular Article
1489,"Jenny AudringAmsterdam Center for Language and Communication, University of Amsterdam",NaN,0,Construction Morphology and the Parallel Architecture of Grammar,Regular Article
1490,Aniruddh D. Patel,NaN,0,Exploring Cognitive Relations Between Prediction in Language and Music,Regular Article
1490,"Emily MorganDepartment of Psychology, Tufts University",NaN,0,Exploring Cognitive Relations Between Prediction in Language and Music,Regular Article
1491,Barbara Landau,NaN,0,Update on “What” and “Where” in Spatial Language: A New Division of Labor for Spatial Terms,Regular Article
1492,Maria M. Piñango,NaN,0,Metonymy as Referential Dependency: Psycholinguistic and Neurolinguistic Arguments for a Unified Linguistic Treatment,Regular Article
1492,"Muye Zhang,Department of Linguistics, Yale University",NaN,0,Metonymy as Referential Dependency: Psycholinguistic and Neurolinguistic Arguments for a Unified Linguistic Treatment,Regular Article
1492,"Emily Foster-Hanson,Department of Linguistics, Yale UniversityDepartment of Psychology, New York University",NaN,0,Metonymy as Referential Dependency: Psycholinguistic and Neurolinguistic Arguments for a Unified Linguistic Treatment,Regular Article
1492,"Michiro Negishi,Department of Diagnostic Radiology, Yale University",NaN,0,Metonymy as Referential Dependency: Psycholinguistic and Neurolinguistic Arguments for a Unified Linguistic Treatment,Regular Article
1492,"Cheryl Lacadie,Department of Diagnostic Radiology, Yale University",NaN,0,Metonymy as Referential Dependency: Psycholinguistic and Neurolinguistic Arguments for a Unified Linguistic Treatment,Regular Article
1492,"R. Todd ConstableDepartment of Diagnostic Radiology, Yale University",NaN,0,Metonymy as Referential Dependency: Psycholinguistic and Neurolinguistic Arguments for a Unified Linguistic Treatment,Regular Article
1494,Holger Schultheis,NaN,0,Mechanisms of Reference Frame Selection in Spatial Term Use: Computational and Empirical Studies,Extended Article
1494,"Laura A. CarlsonDepartment of Psychology, University of Notre Dame",NaN,0,Mechanisms of Reference Frame Selection in Spatial Term Use: Computational and Empirical Studies,Extended Article
1495,David Landy,NaN,0,Categories of Large Numbers in Line Estimation,Regular Article
1495,"Arthur Charlesworth,University of Richmond",NaN,0,Categories of Large Numbers in Line Estimation,Regular Article
1495,Erin OttmarWorchester Polytechnic Institute,NaN,0,Categories of Large Numbers in Line Estimation,Regular Article
1496,Dagmar Divjak,NaN,0,The Role of Lexical Frequency in the Acceptability of Syntactic Variants: Evidence From that-Clauses in Polish,Regular Article
1497,Vsevolod Kapatsinski,NaN,0,Perceptual Learning of Intonation Contour Categories in Adults and 9- to 11-Year-Old Children: Adults Are More Narrow-Minded,Regular Article
1497,"Paul Olejarczuk,Department of Linguistics, University of Oregon",NaN,0,Perceptual Learning of Intonation Contour Categories in Adults and 9- to 11-Year-Old Children: Adults Are More Narrow-Minded,Regular Article
1497,"Melissa A. RedfordDepartment of Linguistics, University of Oregon",NaN,0,Perceptual Learning of Intonation Contour Categories in Adults and 9- to 11-Year-Old Children: Adults Are More Narrow-Minded,Regular Article
1498,Maryia Fedzechkina,NaN,0,Balancing Effort and Information Transmission During Language Acquisition: Evidence From Word Order and Case Marking,Regular Article
1498,"Elissa L. Newport,Department of Neurology, Center for Brain Plasticity and Recovery, Georgetown University",NaN,0,Balancing Effort and Information Transmission During Language Acquisition: Evidence From Word Order and Case Marking,Regular Article
1498,"T. Florian JaegerDepartment of Brain & Cognitive Sciences, University of RochesterDepartment of Computer Science, University of RochesterDepartment of Linguistics, University of Rochester",NaN,0,Balancing Effort and Information Transmission During Language Acquisition: Evidence From Word Order and Case Marking,Regular Article
1499,Dylan Murray,NaN,0,"Effects of Manipulation on Attributions of Causation, Free Will, and Moral Responsibility",Regular Article
1499,"Tania LombrozoDepartment of Philosophy, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,"Effects of Manipulation on Attributions of Causation, Free Will, and Moral Responsibility",Regular Article
1500,David Rose,NaN,0,Neuroscientific Prediction and the Intrusion of Intuitive Metaphysics,Brief Report
1500,"Wesley Buckwalter,Department of Philosophy, University of Waterloo",NaN,0,Neuroscientific Prediction and the Intrusion of Intuitive Metaphysics,Brief Report
1500,"Shaun NicholsDepartment of Philosophy, University of Arizona",NaN,0,Neuroscientific Prediction and the Intrusion of Intuitive Metaphysics,Brief Report
1501,Matteo Colombo,NaN,0,Experimental Philosophy of Explanation Rising: The Case for a Plurality of Concepts of Explanation,Brief Report
1502,Susan Wagner Cook,NaN,0,Hand Gesture and Mathematics Learning: Lessons From an Avatar,Brief Report
1502,"Howard S. Friedman,Department of Psychology, University of California, Riverside",NaN,0,Hand Gesture and Mathematics Learning: Lessons From an Avatar,Brief Report
1502,"Katherine A. Duggan,Department of Psychology, University of California, Riverside",NaN,0,Hand Gesture and Mathematics Learning: Lessons From an Avatar,Brief Report
1502,"Jian Cui,Department of Computer Science, Purdue University",NaN,0,Hand Gesture and Mathematics Learning: Lessons From an Avatar,Brief Report
1502,"Voicu PopescuDepartment of Computer Science, Purdue University",NaN,0,Hand Gesture and Mathematics Learning: Lessons From an Avatar,Brief Report
1504,Julian De Freitas,NaN,0,Normative Judgments and Individual Essence,Regular Article
1504,"Kevin P. Tobia,Department of Philosophy, Yale University",NaN,0,Normative Judgments and Individual Essence,Regular Article
1504,"George E. Newman,School of Management, Yale University",NaN,0,Normative Judgments and Individual Essence,Regular Article
1504,"Joshua KnobeDepartment of Philosophy, Yale UniversityProgram in Cognitive Science, Yale University",NaN,0,Normative Judgments and Individual Essence,Regular Article
1505,John Turri,NaN,0,Compatibilism and Incompatibilism in Social Cognition,Regular Article
1506,Michael Barlev,NaN,0,Core Intuitions About Persons Coexist and Interfere With Acquired Christian Beliefs About God,Regular Article
1506,"Spencer Mermelstein,Department of Psychological & Brain Sciences, University of California, Santa Barbara",NaN,0,Core Intuitions About Persons Coexist and Interfere With Acquired Christian Beliefs About God,Regular Article
1506,Tamsin C. German,NaN,0,Core Intuitions About Persons Coexist and Interfere With Acquired Christian Beliefs About God,Regular Article
1507,Rachel E. Watson-Jones,NaN,0,Does the Body Survive Death? Cultural Variation in Beliefs About Life Everlasting,Regular Article
1507,"Justin T. A. Busch,Department of Psychology, The University of Texas at Austin",NaN,0,Does the Body Survive Death? Cultural Variation in Beliefs About Life Everlasting,Regular Article
1507,"Paul L. Harris,Graduate School of Education, Harvard University",NaN,0,Does the Body Survive Death? Cultural Variation in Beliefs About Life Everlasting,Regular Article
1507,"Cristine H. LegareDepartment of Psychology, The University of Texas at Austin",NaN,0,Does the Body Survive Death? Cultural Variation in Beliefs About Life Everlasting,Regular Article
1508,Guillermo Del Pinal,NaN,0,Dual Character Concepts in Social Cognition: Commitments and the Normative Dimension of Conceptual Representation,Regular Article
1508,"Kevin ReuterInstitute of Philosophy, University of Bern",NaN,0,Dual Character Concepts in Social Cognition: Commitments and the Normative Dimension of Conceptual Representation,Regular Article
1509,Peter DeScioli,NaN,0,Ownership Dilemmas: The Case of Finders Versus Landowners,Regular Article
1509,"Rachel Karpoff,Department of Psychology, Brandeis University",NaN,0,Ownership Dilemmas: The Case of Finders Versus Landowners,Regular Article
1509,"Julian De FreitasDepartment of Psychology, Harvard University",NaN,0,Ownership Dilemmas: The Case of Finders Versus Landowners,Regular Article
1510,Arber Tasimi,NaN,0,Dirty Money: The Role of Moral History in Economic Judgments,Regular Article
1510,"Susan A. GelmanDepartment of Psychology, University of Michigan",NaN,0,Dirty Money: The Role of Moral History in Economic Judgments,Regular Article
1511,Samuel J. Gershman,NaN,0,Learning the Structure of Social Influence,Regular Article
1511,"Hillard Thomas Pouncy,Department of Psychology and Center for Brain Science, Harvard University",NaN,0,Learning the Structure of Social Influence,Regular Article
1511,"Hyowon GweonDepartment of Psychology, Stanford University",NaN,0,Learning the Structure of Social Influence,Regular Article
1512,Steven O. Roberts,NaN,0,"So It Is, So It Shall Be: Group Regularities License Children's Prescriptive Judgments",Regular Article
1512,"Susan A. Gelman,Department of Psychology, University of Michigan",NaN,0,"So It Is, So It Shall Be: Group Regularities License Children's Prescriptive Judgments",Regular Article
1512,"Arnold K. HoDepartment of Psychology, University of Michigan",NaN,0,"So It Is, So It Shall Be: Group Regularities License Children's Prescriptive Judgments",Regular Article
1513,Sunae Kim,NaN,0,Young Children's Reliance on Information From Inaccurate Informants,Regular Article
1513,"Markus Paulus,Department Psychology, Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München",NaN,0,Young Children's Reliance on Information From Inaccurate Informants,Regular Article
1513,"Chuck KalishDepartment of Educational Psychology, University of Wisconsin-Madison",NaN,0,Young Children's Reliance on Information From Inaccurate Informants,Regular Article
1514,Zoe Liberman,NaN,0,Preverbal Infants Infer Third-Party Social Relationships Based on Language,Brief Report
1514,"Amanda L. Woodward,Department of Psychology, University of Chicago",NaN,0,Preverbal Infants Infer Third-Party Social Relationships Based on Language,Brief Report
1514,"Katherine D. KinzlerDepartment of Psychology, University of ChicagoDepartment of Psychology and Human Development, Cornell University",NaN,0,Preverbal Infants Infer Third-Party Social Relationships Based on Language,Brief Report
1516,Fabrizio Cariani,NaN,0,"Conditionals, Context, and the Suppression Effect",Extended Article
1516,"Lance J. RipsDepartment of Psychology, Northwestern University",NaN,0,"Conditionals, Context, and the Suppression Effect",Extended Article
1517,George Kachergis,NaN,0,A Bootstrapping Model of Frequency and Context Effects in Word Learning,Regular Article
1517,"Chen Yu,Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences/Cognitive Science Program, Indiana University",NaN,0,A Bootstrapping Model of Frequency and Context Effects in Word Learning,Regular Article
1517,"Richard M. ShiffrinDepartment of Psychological and Brain Sciences/Cognitive Science Program, Indiana University",NaN,0,A Bootstrapping Model of Frequency and Context Effects in Word Learning,Regular Article
1518,Matthew Spike,NaN,0,Minimal Requirements for the Emergence of Learned Signaling,Regular Article
1518,"Kevin Stadler,Language Evolution and Computation Research Unit, School of Philosophy, Psychology & Language Sciences, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,Minimal Requirements for the Emergence of Learned Signaling,Regular Article
1518,"Simon Kirby,Language Evolution and Computation Research Unit, School of Philosophy, Psychology & Language Sciences, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,Minimal Requirements for the Emergence of Learned Signaling,Regular Article
1518,"Kenny SmithLanguage Evolution and Computation Research Unit, School of Philosophy, Psychology & Language Sciences, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,Minimal Requirements for the Emergence of Learned Signaling,Regular Article
1519,Silvia Primativo,NaN,0,Abstract Conceptual Feature Ratings Predict Gaze Within Written Word Arrays: Evidence From a Visual Wor(l)d Paradigm,Regular Article
1519,"Jamie Reilly,Eleanor M. Saffran Center for Cognitive Neuroscience, Temple UniversityDepartment of Communication Sciences and Disorders, Temple University",NaN,0,Abstract Conceptual Feature Ratings Predict Gaze Within Written Word Arrays: Evidence From a Visual Wor(l)d Paradigm,Regular Article
1519,"Sebastian J CrutchDementia Research Centre, Department of Neurodegenerative Disease, University College London, Institute of Neurology",NaN,0,Abstract Conceptual Feature Ratings Predict Gaze Within Written Word Arrays: Evidence From a Visual Wor(l)d Paradigm,Regular Article
1520,Igor Douven,NaN,0,Measuring Graded Membership: The Case of Color,Regular Article
1520,"Sylvia Wenmackers,Institute of Philosophy, University of Leuven",NaN,0,Measuring Graded Membership: The Case of Color,Regular Article
1520,"Yasmina Jraissati,Department of Philosophy, American University Beirut",NaN,0,Measuring Graded Membership: The Case of Color,Regular Article
1520,"Lieven DecockDepartment of Philosophy, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam",NaN,0,Measuring Graded Membership: The Case of Color,Regular Article
1521,Jana Speth,NaN,0,"Auditory Verbal Experience and Agency in Waking, Sleep Onset, REM, and Non-REM Sleep",Regular Article
1521,"Trevor A. Harley,Dundee Sleep and Consciousness Laboratory, School of Psychology, University of Dundee",NaN,0,"Auditory Verbal Experience and Agency in Waking, Sleep Onset, REM, and Non-REM Sleep",Regular Article
1521,"Clemens SpethDundee Sleep and Consciousness Laboratory, School of Psychology, University of Dundee",NaN,0,"Auditory Verbal Experience and Agency in Waking, Sleep Onset, REM, and Non-REM Sleep",Regular Article
1522,Larisa Heiphetz,NaN,0,"The Role of Moral Beliefs, Memories, and Preferences in Representations of Identity",Regular Article
1522,"Nina Strohminger,Yale School of Management, Yale University",NaN,0,"The Role of Moral Beliefs, Memories, and Preferences in Representations of Identity",Regular Article
1522,"Liane L. YoungDepartment of Psychology, Boston College",NaN,0,"The Role of Moral Beliefs, Memories, and Preferences in Representations of Identity",Regular Article
1523,Kensy Cooperrider,NaN,0,Uphill and Downhill in a Flat World: The Conceptual Topography of the Yupno House,Regular Article
1523,"James Slotta,Department of Anthropology, University of California, San Diego",NaN,0,Uphill and Downhill in a Flat World: The Conceptual Topography of the Yupno House,Regular Article
1523,"Rafael NúñezDepartment of Cognitive Science, University of California, San Diego",NaN,0,Uphill and Downhill in a Flat World: The Conceptual Topography of the Yupno House,Regular Article
1524,Remi de Fleurian,NaN,0,Information-Theoretic Measures Predict the Human Judgment of Rhythm Complexity,Brief Report
1524,"Tim Blackwell,Department of Computing, Goldsmiths, University of London",NaN,0,Information-Theoretic Measures Predict the Human Judgment of Rhythm Complexity,Brief Report
1524,"Oded Ben-Tal,Department of Music, Kingston University",NaN,0,Information-Theoretic Measures Predict the Human Judgment of Rhythm Complexity,Brief Report
1524,"Daniel MüllensiefenDepartment of Psychology, Goldsmiths, University of London",NaN,0,Information-Theoretic Measures Predict the Human Judgment of Rhythm Complexity,Brief Report
1525,Laura Lakusta,NaN,0,Does Making Something Move Matter? Representations of Goals and Sources in Motion Events With Causal Sources,Brief Report
1525,"Paul Muentener,Department of Psychology, Tufts University",NaN,0,Does Making Something Move Matter? Representations of Goals and Sources in Motion Events With Causal Sources,Brief Report
1525,"Lauren Petrillo,Department of Psychology, Montclair State University",NaN,0,Does Making Something Move Matter? Representations of Goals and Sources in Motion Events With Causal Sources,Brief Report
1525,"Noelle Mullanaphy,Department of Psychology, Montclair State University",NaN,0,Does Making Something Move Matter? Representations of Goals and Sources in Motion Events With Causal Sources,Brief Report
1525,"Lauren MunizDepartment of Psychology, Montclair State University",NaN,0,Does Making Something Move Matter? Representations of Goals and Sources in Motion Events With Causal Sources,Brief Report
1526,Shaylene E. Nancekivell,NaN,0,“Because It's Hers”: When Preschoolers Use Ownership in Their Explanations,Brief Report
1526,"Ori FriedmanDepartment of Psychology, University of Waterloo",NaN,0,“Because It's Hers”: When Preschoolers Use Ownership in Their Explanations,Brief Report
1528,"Paul Metzner,Department of Linguistics, University of Potsdam",NaN,0,The Importance of Reading Naturally: Evidence From Combined Recordings of Eye Movements and Electric Brain Potentials,Regular Article
1528,Titus von der Malsburg,NaN,0,The Importance of Reading Naturally: Evidence From Combined Recordings of Eye Movements and Electric Brain Potentials,Regular Article
1528,"Shravan Vasishth,Department of Linguistics, University of Potsdam",NaN,0,The Importance of Reading Naturally: Evidence From Combined Recordings of Eye Movements and Electric Brain Potentials,Regular Article
1528,"Frank RöslerBiological Psychology and Neuropsychology, University of Hamburg",NaN,0,The Importance of Reading Naturally: Evidence From Combined Recordings of Eye Movements and Electric Brain Potentials,Regular Article
1529,Yanping Liu,NaN,0,Further Tests of a Dynamic-Adjustment Account of Saccade Targeting During the Reading of Chinese,Regular Article
1529,"Ren Huang,Department of Psychology, Guangdong Provincial Key Laboratory of Social Cognitive Neuroscience and Mental Health, Guangdong Provincial Key Laboratory of Brain Function and Disease, Sun Yat-sen University",NaN,0,Further Tests of a Dynamic-Adjustment Account of Saccade Targeting During the Reading of Chinese,Regular Article
1529,"Dingguo Gao,Department of Psychology, Guangdong Provincial Key Laboratory of Social Cognitive Neuroscience and Mental Health, Guangdong Provincial Key Laboratory of Brain Function and Disease, Sun Yat-sen University",NaN,0,Further Tests of a Dynamic-Adjustment Account of Saccade Targeting During the Reading of Chinese,Regular Article
1529,"Erik D. ReichleSchool of Psychology, University of Southampton",NaN,0,Further Tests of a Dynamic-Adjustment Account of Saccade Targeting During the Reading of Chinese,Regular Article
1530,Kenji Ikeda,NaN,0,An Extension of a Parallel-Distributed Processing Framework of Reading Aloud in Japanese: Human Nonword Reading Accuracy Does Not Require a Sequential Mechanism,Regular Article
1530,"Taiji Ueno,Department of Psychology, Nagoya UniversityPsychology Department, University of YorkJapan Society for the Promotion of Sciences",NaN,0,An Extension of a Parallel-Distributed Processing Framework of Reading Aloud in Japanese: Human Nonword Reading Accuracy Does Not Require a Sequential Mechanism,Regular Article
1530,"Yuichi Ito,Department of Psychology, Nagoya UniversityJapan Society for the Promotion of Sciences",NaN,0,An Extension of a Parallel-Distributed Processing Framework of Reading Aloud in Japanese: Human Nonword Reading Accuracy Does Not Require a Sequential Mechanism,Regular Article
1530,"Shinji Kitagami,Department of Psychology, Nagoya University",NaN,0,An Extension of a Parallel-Distributed Processing Framework of Reading Aloud in Japanese: Human Nonword Reading Accuracy Does Not Require a Sequential Mechanism,Regular Article
1530,"Jun KawaguchiDepartment of Psychology, Nagoya University",NaN,0,An Extension of a Parallel-Distributed Processing Framework of Reading Aloud in Japanese: Human Nonword Reading Accuracy Does Not Require a Sequential Mechanism,Regular Article
1531,Harm Brouwer,NaN,0,A Neurocomputational Model of the N400 and the P600 in Language Processing,Regular Article
1531,"Matthew W. Crocker,Department of Language Science and Technology, Saarland University",NaN,0,A Neurocomputational Model of the N400 and the P600 in Language Processing,Regular Article
1531,"Noortje J. Venhuizen,Department of Language Science and Technology, Saarland University",NaN,0,A Neurocomputational Model of the N400 and the P600 in Language Processing,Regular Article
1531,"John C. J. HoeksCenter for Language and Cognition Groningen, University of Groningen",NaN,0,A Neurocomputational Model of the N400 and the P600 in Language Processing,Regular Article
1532,Adrian Staub,NaN,0,The Matrix Verb as a Source of Comprehension Difficulty in Object Relative Sentences,Regular Article
1532,"Brian Dillon,Department of Linguistics, University of Massachusetts, Amherst",NaN,0,The Matrix Verb as a Source of Comprehension Difficulty in Object Relative Sentences,Regular Article
1532,"Charles Clifton  Jr.Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences, University of Massachusetts, Amherst",NaN,0,The Matrix Verb as a Source of Comprehension Difficulty in Object Relative Sentences,Regular Article
1533,David Vinson,NaN,0,Comprehending Sentences With the Body: Action Compatibility in British Sign Language?,Regular Article
1533,"Pamela Perniss,Department of Experimental Psychology, Deafness, Cognition and Language Research Centre & Institute for Multimodal Communication, University College LondonSchool of Humanities, University of Brighton",NaN,0,Comprehending Sentences With the Body: Action Compatibility in British Sign Language?,Regular Article
1533,"Neil Fox,Department of Experimental Psychology, Deafness, Cognition and Language Research Centre & Institute for Multimodal Communication, University College London",NaN,0,Comprehending Sentences With the Body: Action Compatibility in British Sign Language?,Regular Article
1533,"Gabriella ViglioccoDepartment of Experimental Psychology, Deafness, Cognition and Language Research Centre & Institute for Multimodal Communication, University College London",NaN,0,Comprehending Sentences With the Body: Action Compatibility in British Sign Language?,Regular Article
1534,Melissa Troyer,NaN,0,Maternal Socioeconomic Status Influences the Range of Expectations During Language Comprehension in Adulthood,Regular Article
1534,"Arielle BorovskyDepartment of Psychology, Florida State University",NaN,0,Maternal Socioeconomic Status Influences the Range of Expectations During Language Comprehension in Adulthood,Regular Article
1535,"Jia E. Loy,Psychology, PPLS, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,Effects of Disfluency in Online Interpretation of Deception,Regular Article
1535,"Hannah Rohde,Linguistics and English Language, PPLS, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,Effects of Disfluency in Online Interpretation of Deception,Regular Article
1535,Martin Corley,NaN,0,Effects of Disfluency in Online Interpretation of Deception,Regular Article
1536,Albert Gatt,NaN,0,Reference Production as Search: The Impact of Domain Size on the Production of Distinguishing Descriptions,Regular Article
1536,"Emiel Krahmer,Tilburg Center for Cognition and Communication (TiCC), Tilburg University",NaN,0,Reference Production as Search: The Impact of Domain Size on the Production of Distinguishing Descriptions,Regular Article
1536,"Kees van Deemter,Department of Computing Science, University of Aberdeen",NaN,0,Reference Production as Search: The Impact of Domain Size on the Production of Distinguishing Descriptions,Regular Article
1536,"Roger P.G. van GompelSchool of Psychology, University of Dundee",NaN,0,Reference Production as Search: The Impact of Domain Size on the Production of Distinguishing Descriptions,Regular Article
1537,Jette Viethen,NaN,0,Color in Reference Production: The Role of Color Similarity and Color Codability,Regular Article
1537,"Thomas van Vessem,Department of Communication and Information Sciences, Tilburg University",NaN,0,Color in Reference Production: The Role of Color Similarity and Color Codability,Regular Article
1537,"Martijn Goudbeek,Department of Communication and Information Sciences, Tilburg University",NaN,0,Color in Reference Production: The Role of Color Similarity and Color Codability,Regular Article
1537,"Emiel KrahmerDepartment of Communication and Information Sciences, Tilburg University",NaN,0,Color in Reference Production: The Role of Color Similarity and Color Codability,Regular Article
1538,Jonathan R. Brennan,NaN,0,MEG Evidence for Incremental Sentence Composition in the Anterior Temporal Lobe,Brief Report
1538,"Liina PylkkänenDepartment of Linguistics, New York UniversityDepartment of Psychology, New York UniversityNYUAD Institute, New York University Abu Dhabi",NaN,0,MEG Evidence for Incremental Sentence Composition in the Anterior Temporal Lobe,Brief Report
1539,"Leon Li,Department of Psychology, University of Maryland, College Park",NaN,0,Of Papers and Pens: Polysemes and Homophones in Lexical (mis)Selection,Brief Report
1539,L. Robert Slevc,NaN,0,Of Papers and Pens: Polysemes and Homophones in Lexical (mis)Selection,Brief Report
1540,Francesco Ianì,NaN,0,Timing of Gestures: Gestures Anticipating or Simultaneous With Speech as Indexes of Text Comprehension in Children and Adults,Brief Report
1540,"Ilaria Cutica,Department of Oncology and Hemato-Oncology, University of Milan",NaN,0,Timing of Gestures: Gestures Anticipating or Simultaneous With Speech as Indexes of Text Comprehension in Children and Adults,Brief Report
1540,"Monica BucciarelliDepartment of Psychology and Center for Cognitive Science, University of Turin",NaN,0,Timing of Gestures: Gestures Anticipating or Simultaneous With Speech as Indexes of Text Comprehension in Children and Adults,Brief Report
1542,Bob Rehder,NaN,0,Reasoning With Causal Cycles,Extended Article
1543,Ana Cristina Quelhas,NaN,0,A Priori True and False Conditionals,Regular Article
1543,"Célia Rasga,William James Center for Research, ISPA-Instituto Universitário",NaN,0,A Priori True and False Conditionals,Regular Article
1543,"Philip N. Johnson-LairdDepartment of Psychology, Princeton UniversityDepartment of Psychology, New York University",NaN,0,A Priori True and False Conditionals,Regular Article
1544,Guy Politzer,NaN,0,Preadolescents Solve Natural Syllogisms Proficiently,Regular Article
1544,"Christelle Bosc-Miné,Department of Psychology, University of Paris-8",NaN,0,Preadolescents Solve Natural Syllogisms Proficiently,Regular Article
1544,"Emmanuel SanderDepartment of Psychology, University of Paris-8",NaN,0,Preadolescents Solve Natural Syllogisms Proficiently,Regular Article
1545,Dawn Chen,NaN,0,Generative Inferences Based on Learned Relations,Regular Article
1545,"Hongjing Lu,Department of Psychology, University of California, BerkeleyDepartment of Statistics, University of California, Los Angeles",NaN,0,Generative Inferences Based on Learned Relations,Regular Article
1545,"Keith J. HolyoakDepartment of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,Generative Inferences Based on Learned Relations,Regular Article
1546,Hidehito Honda,NaN,0,Memory-Based Simple Heuristics as Attribute Substitution: Competitive Tests of Binary Choice Inference Models,Regular Article
1546,"Toshihiko Matsuka,Department of Cognitive and Information Science, Chiba University",NaN,0,Memory-Based Simple Heuristics as Attribute Substitution: Competitive Tests of Binary Choice Inference Models,Regular Article
1546,Kazuhiro Ueda,NaN,0,Memory-Based Simple Heuristics as Attribute Substitution: Competitive Tests of Binary Choice Inference Models,Regular Article
1547,Bob van Tiel,NaN,0,Processing Conversational Implicatures: Alternatives and Counterfactual Reasoning†,Regular Article
1547,"Walter SchaekenLaboratory for Experimental Psychology, University of Leuven",NaN,0,Processing Conversational Implicatures: Alternatives and Counterfactual Reasoning†,Regular Article
1548,Anne S. Hsu,NaN,0,When Absence of Evidence Is Evidence of Absence: Rational Inferences From Absent Data,Brief Report
1548,"Andy Horng,Department of Psychology, University of California",NaN,0,When Absence of Evidence Is Evidence of Absence: Rational Inferences From Absent Data,Brief Report
1548,"Thomas L. Griffiths,Department of Psychology, University of California",NaN,0,When Absence of Evidence Is Evidence of Absence: Rational Inferences From Absent Data,Brief Report
1548,"Nick ChaterWarwick Business School, University of Warwick",NaN,0,When Absence of Evidence Is Evidence of Absence: Rational Inferences From Absent Data,Brief Report
1549,Paul H. Thibodeau,NaN,0,Metaphorical Accounting: How Framing the Federal Budget Like a Household's Affects Voting Intentions,Brief Report
1549,"Stephen J. FlusbergDepartment of Psychology, Purchase College, SUNY",NaN,0,Metaphorical Accounting: How Framing the Federal Budget Like a Household's Affects Voting Intentions,Brief Report
1550,Joseph L. Austerweil,NaN,0,Learning to Be (In)variant: Combining Prior Knowledge and Experience to Infer Orientation Invariance in Object Recognition,Brief Report
1550,"Thomas L. Griffiths,Department of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,Learning to Be (In)variant: Combining Prior Knowledge and Experience to Infer Orientation Invariance in Object Recognition,Brief Report
1550,"Stephen E. PalmerDepartment of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,Learning to Be (In)variant: Combining Prior Knowledge and Experience to Infer Orientation Invariance in Object Recognition,Brief Report
1551,Niels Skovgaard-Olsen,NaN,0,Relevance and Reason Relations,Brief Report
1551,"Henrik Singmann,Department of Psychology, University of Zürich",NaN,0,Relevance and Reason Relations,Brief Report
1551,"Karl Christoph KlauerDepartment of Psychology, Albert Ludwigs Universität Freiburg",NaN,0,Relevance and Reason Relations,Brief Report
1552,"Matthew L. Stanley,Center for Cognitive Neuroscience, Duke University",NaN,0,Counterfactual Plausibility and Comparative Similarity,Brief Report
1552,"Gregory W. Stewart,Department of Philosophy, Duke UniversityDuke Institute for Brain Sciences, Duke University",NaN,0,Counterfactual Plausibility and Comparative Similarity,Brief Report
1552,Felipe De Brigard,NaN,0,Counterfactual Plausibility and Comparative Similarity,Brief Report
1554,Jon Scott Stevens,NaN,0,The Pursuit of Word Meanings,Regular Article
1554,"Lila R. Gleitman,Department of Psychology, University of Pennsylvania",NaN,0,The Pursuit of Word Meanings,Regular Article
1554,"John C. Trueswell,Department of Psychology, University of Pennsylvania",NaN,0,The Pursuit of Word Meanings,Regular Article
1554,"Charles YangDepartment of Linguistics, University of Pennsylvania",NaN,0,The Pursuit of Word Meanings,Regular Article
1555,Angeliki Lazaridou,NaN,0,Multimodal Word Meaning Induction From Minimal Exposure to Natural Text,Regular Article
1555,"Marco Marelli,Department of Experimental Psychology, Ghent University",NaN,0,Multimodal Word Meaning Induction From Minimal Exposure to Natural Text,Regular Article
1555,"Marco BaroniCenter for Mind/Brain Sciences, University of Trento",NaN,0,Multimodal Word Meaning Induction From Minimal Exposure to Natural Text,Regular Article
1556,Keith S. Apfelbaum,NaN,0,Learning During Processing: Word Learning Doesn't Wait for Word Recognition to Finish,Regular Article
1556,"Bob McMurrayDepartment of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Department of Communication Sciences and Disorders and DeLTA Center, University of Iowa",NaN,0,Learning During Processing: Word Learning Doesn't Wait for Word Recognition to Finish,Regular Article
1557,Barbara Landau,NaN,0,Containment and Support: Core and Complexity in Spatial Language Learning,Regular Article
1557,"Kristen Johannes,Department of Cognitive Science, Johns Hopkins University",NaN,0,Containment and Support: Core and Complexity in Spatial Language Learning,Regular Article
1557,"Dimitrios Skordos,Department of Psychological & Brain Sciences, University of Delaware",NaN,0,Containment and Support: Core and Complexity in Spatial Language Learning,Regular Article
1557,"Anna PapafragouDepartment of Psychological & Brain Sciences, University of Delaware",NaN,0,Containment and Support: Core and Complexity in Spatial Language Learning,Regular Article
1558,Julie L. Earles,NaN,0,Why Are Verbs So Hard to Remember? Effects of Semantic Context on Memory for Verbs and Nouns†,Regular Article
1558,"Alan W. KerstenDepartment of Psychology, Florida Atlantic University",NaN,0,Why Are Verbs So Hard to Remember? Effects of Semantic Context on Memory for Verbs and Nouns†,Regular Article
1559,Jane B. Childers,NaN,0,"Does Variability Across Events Affect Verb Learning in English, Mandarin, and Korean?",Regular Article
1559,"Jae H. Paik,Psychology Department, San Francisco State University",NaN,0,"Does Variability Across Events Affect Verb Learning in English, Mandarin, and Korean?",Regular Article
1559,"Melissa Flores,Department of Psychology, Trinity University",NaN,0,"Does Variability Across Events Affect Verb Learning in English, Mandarin, and Korean?",Regular Article
1559,"Gabrielle Lai,Temasek Polytechnic, Singapore",NaN,0,"Does Variability Across Events Affect Verb Learning in English, Mandarin, and Korean?",Regular Article
1559,"Megan DolanDepartment of Psychology, Trinity University",NaN,0,"Does Variability Across Events Affect Verb Learning in English, Mandarin, and Korean?",Regular Article
1560,Sudha Arunachalam,NaN,0,Preschoolers' Acquisition of Novel Verbs in the Double Object Dative,Regular Article
1561,Long Ouyang,NaN,0,Semantic Coherence Facilitates Distributional Learning,Regular Article
1561,"Lera Boroditsky,Department of Cognitive Science, University of California San Diego",NaN,0,Semantic Coherence Facilitates Distributional Learning,Regular Article
1561,"Michael C. FrankDepartment of Psychology, Stanford University",NaN,0,Semantic Coherence Facilitates Distributional Learning,Regular Article
1562,Matthew Lehet,NaN,0,Dimension-Based Statistical Learning Affects Both Speech Perception and Production,Regular Article
1562,"Lori L. HoltDepartment of Psychology and the Center for Neural Basis of Cognition, Carnegie Mellon University",NaN,0,Dimension-Based Statistical Learning Affects Both Speech Perception and Production,Regular Article
1563,Christine E. Potter,NaN,0,Second Language Experience Facilitates Statistical Learning of Novel Linguistic Materials,Brief Report
1563,"Tianlin Wang,Department of Psychology and Waisman Center, University of Wisconsin",NaN,0,Second Language Experience Facilitates Statistical Learning of Novel Linguistic Materials,Brief Report
1563,"Jenny R. SaffranDepartment of Psychology and Waisman Center, University of Wisconsin",NaN,0,Second Language Experience Facilitates Statistical Learning of Novel Linguistic Materials,Brief Report
1564,Marieke Schouwstra,NaN,0,Temporal Structure in Emerging Language: From Natural Data to Silent Gesture,Brief Report
1566,Timothy W. Boiteau,NaN,0,"Transitivity, Space, and Hand: The Spatial Grounding of Syntax",Extended Article
1566,"Amit AlmorDepartment of Psychology, University of South CarolinaLinguistics Program, University of South Carolina",NaN,0,"Transitivity, Space, and Hand: The Spatial Grounding of Syntax",Extended Article
1567,Jon W. Carr,NaN,0,"The Cultural Evolution of Structured Languages in an Open-Ended, Continuous World",Regular Article
1567,"Kenny Smith,School of Philosophy, Psychology and Language Sciences, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,"The Cultural Evolution of Structured Languages in an Open-Ended, Continuous World",Regular Article
1567,"Hannah Cornish,Psychology, School of Natural Sciences, University of Stirling",NaN,0,"The Cultural Evolution of Structured Languages in an Open-Ended, Continuous World",Regular Article
1567,"Simon KirbySchool of Philosophy, Psychology and Language Sciences, University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,"The Cultural Evolution of Structured Languages in an Open-Ended, Continuous World",Regular Article
1568,Karl Ridgeway,NaN,0,Forgetting of Foreign-Language Skills: A Corpus-Based Analysis of Online Tutoring Software,Regular Article
1568,"Michael C. Mozer,Department of Computer Science and Institute of Cognitive Science, University of Colorado",NaN,0,Forgetting of Foreign-Language Skills: A Corpus-Based Analysis of Online Tutoring Software,Regular Article
1568,Anita R. BowlesRosetta Stone,NaN,0,Forgetting of Foreign-Language Skills: A Corpus-Based Analysis of Online Tutoring Software,Regular Article
1569,Fermín Moscoso del Prado Martín,NaN,0,"Vocabulary, Grammar, Sex, and Aging",Regular Article
1570,Amaç Herda?delen,NaN,0,Social Media and Language Processing: How Facebook and Twitter Provide the Best Frequency Estimates for Studying Word Recognition,Regular Article
1570,"Marco MarelliCenter for Mind-Brain Science, University of Trento",NaN,0,Social Media and Language Processing: How Facebook and Twitter Provide the Best Frequency Estimates for Studying Word Recognition,Regular Article
1571,Hayward J. Godwin,NaN,0,Modeling Lag-2 Revisits to Understand Trade-Offs in Mixed Control of Fixation Termination During Visual Search,Regular Article
1571,"Erik D. Reichle,Department of Psychology, University of Southampton",NaN,0,Modeling Lag-2 Revisits to Understand Trade-Offs in Mixed Control of Fixation Termination During Visual Search,Regular Article
1571,"Tamaryn MenneerDepartment of Psychology, University of Southampton",NaN,0,Modeling Lag-2 Revisits to Understand Trade-Offs in Mixed Control of Fixation Termination During Visual Search,Regular Article
1572,Ilyse Resnick,NaN,0,Dealing with Big Numbers: Representation and Understanding of Magnitudes Outside of Human Experience,Regular Article
1572,"Nora S. Newcombe,Department of Psychology, Temple University",NaN,0,Dealing with Big Numbers: Representation and Understanding of Magnitudes Outside of Human Experience,Regular Article
1572,"Thomas F. ShipleyDepartment of Psychology, Temple University",NaN,0,Dealing with Big Numbers: Representation and Understanding of Magnitudes Outside of Human Experience,Regular Article
1573,Grayden J. F. Solman,NaN,0,Arranging Objects in Space: Measuring Task-Relevant Organizational Behaviors During Goal Pursuit,Regular Article
1573,"Alan KingstoneDepartment of Psychology, University of British Columbia",NaN,0,Arranging Objects in Space: Measuring Task-Relevant Organizational Behaviors During Goal Pursuit,Regular Article
1574,Jamie Reilly,NaN,0,Non-Arbitrariness in Mapping Word Form to Meaning: Cross-Linguistic Formal Markers of Word Concreteness,Brief Report
1574,"Jinyi Hung,Eleanor M. Saffran Center for Cognitive Neuroscience, Temple UniversityDepartment of Communication Sciences and Disorders, Temple University",NaN,0,Non-Arbitrariness in Mapping Word Form to Meaning: Cross-Linguistic Formal Markers of Word Concreteness,Brief Report
1574,"Chris WestburyDepartment of Psychology, University of Alberta",NaN,0,Non-Arbitrariness in Mapping Word Form to Meaning: Cross-Linguistic Formal Markers of Word Concreteness,Brief Report
1575,Lynn K. Perry,NaN,0,Is a Pink Cow Still a Cow? Individual Differences in Toddlers' Vocabulary Knowledge and Lexical Representations,Brief Report
1575,"Jenny R. SaffranDepartment of Psychology, University of Wisconsin-Madison",NaN,0,Is a Pink Cow Still a Cow? Individual Differences in Toddlers' Vocabulary Knowledge and Lexical Representations,Brief Report
1576,Shiri Lev-Ari,NaN,0,Relative Difficulty of Understanding Foreign Accents as a Marker of Proficiency,Brief Report
1576,"Marieke van Heugten,Laboratoire de Sciences Cognitives et Psycholinguistique (ENS, EHESS, CNRS), Département d'Etudes Cognitives, Ecole Normale Supérieure, PSL Research UniversityDepartment of Psychology, University at Buffalo, State University of New York",NaN,0,Relative Difficulty of Understanding Foreign Accents as a Marker of Proficiency,Brief Report
1576,"Sharon PeperkampLaboratoire de Sciences Cognitives et Psycholinguistique (ENS, EHESS, CNRS), Département d'Etudes Cognitives, Ecole Normale Supérieure, PSL Research University",NaN,0,Relative Difficulty of Understanding Foreign Accents as a Marker of Proficiency,Brief Report
1577,Matthew Fisher,NaN,0,The Influence of Social Interaction on Intuitions of Objectivity and Subjectivity,Brief Report
1577,"Joshua Knobe,Program in Cognitive Science and Department of Philosophy, Yale University",NaN,0,The Influence of Social Interaction on Intuitions of Objectivity and Subjectivity,Brief Report
1577,"Brent Strickland,Department of Cognitive Studies, Ecole Normale Supérieure, PSL Research University, Institut Jean Nicod (ENS, EHESS, CNRS)",NaN,0,The Influence of Social Interaction on Intuitions of Objectivity and Subjectivity,Brief Report
1577,"Frank C. KeilDepartment of Psychology, Yale University",NaN,0,The Influence of Social Interaction on Intuitions of Objectivity and Subjectivity,Brief Report
1578,Kevin J. Holmes,NaN,0,Categorical Perception Beyond the Basic Level: The Case of Warm and Cool Colors,Brief Report
1578,"Terry RegierDepartment of Linguistics and Cognitive Science Program, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,Categorical Perception Beyond the Basic Level: The Case of Warm and Cool Colors,Brief Report
1580,Kenneth D. Forbus,NaN,0,Extending SME to Handle Large-Scale Cognitive Modeling,Extended Article
1580,"Ronald W. Ferguson,Leidos, Reston, VA",NaN,0,Extending SME to Handle Large-Scale Cognitive Modeling,Extended Article
1580,"Andrew Lovett,Psychology Department, Northwestern University",NaN,0,Extending SME to Handle Large-Scale Cognitive Modeling,Extended Article
1580,"Dedre GentnerPsychology Department, Northwestern University",NaN,0,Extending SME to Handle Large-Scale Cognitive Modeling,Extended Article
1581,Jey Han Lau,NaN,0,"Grammaticality, Acceptability, and Probability: A Probabilistic View of Linguistic Knowledge",Regular Article
1581,"Alexander Clark,Department of Philosophy, King's College London",NaN,0,"Grammaticality, Acceptability, and Probability: A Probabilistic View of Linguistic Knowledge",Regular Article
1581,"Shalom LappinDepartment of Philosophy, King's College LondonDepartment of Philosophy, Linguistics, and Theory of Science, University of GothenburgSchool of Electronic Engineering and Computer Science, Queen Mary, University of London",NaN,0,"Grammaticality, Acceptability, and Probability: A Probabilistic View of Linguistic Knowledge",Regular Article
1582,Minna Kirjavainen,NaN,0,Can Infinitival to Omissions and Provisions Be Primed? An Experimental Investigation Into the Role of Constructional Competition in Infinitival to Omission Errors,Regular Article
1582,"Elena V. M. Lieven,School of Psychological Sciences, University of Manchester",NaN,0,Can Infinitival to Omissions and Provisions Be Primed? An Experimental Investigation Into the Role of Constructional Competition in Infinitival to Omission Errors,Regular Article
1582,"Anna L. TheakstonSchool of Psychological Sciences, University of Manchester",NaN,0,Can Infinitival to Omissions and Provisions Be Primed? An Experimental Investigation Into the Role of Constructional Competition in Infinitival to Omission Errors,Regular Article
1583,Joshua A. Shapero,NaN,0,Does Environmental Experience Shape Spatial Cognition? Frames of Reference Among Ancash Quechua Speakers (Peru),Regular Article
1584,Martin Rohrmeier,NaN,0,Incidental Learning of Melodic Structure of North Indian Music,Regular Article
1584,"Richard WiddessDepartment of Music, School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London",NaN,0,Incidental Learning of Melodic Structure of North Indian Music,Regular Article
1585,Franziska Schaller,NaN,0,“Pushing the Button While Pushing the Argument”: Motor Priming of Abstract Action Language,Regular Article
1585,"Sabine Weiss,Experimental Neurolinguistics Group, Bielefeld UniversityCluster of Excellence “Cognitive Interaction Technology”, Bielefeld University",NaN,0,“Pushing the Button While Pushing the Argument”: Motor Priming of Abstract Action Language,Regular Article
1585,"Horst M. MüllerExperimental Neurolinguistics Group, Bielefeld UniversityCluster of Excellence “Cognitive Interaction Technology”, Bielefeld University",NaN,0,“Pushing the Button While Pushing the Argument”: Motor Priming of Abstract Action Language,Regular Article
1586,"Juanma de la Fuente,Mind, Brain, and Behavior Research Center, University of Granada",NaN,0,Motor Imagery Shapes Abstract Concepts,Brief Report
1586,"Daniel Casasanto,Department of Psychology, University of Chicago",NaN,0,Motor Imagery Shapes Abstract Concepts,Brief Report
1586,"Jose Isidro Martínez-Cascales,Mind, Brain, and Behavior Research Center, University of Granada",NaN,0,Motor Imagery Shapes Abstract Concepts,Brief Report
1586,Julio Santiago,NaN,0,Motor Imagery Shapes Abstract Concepts,Brief Report
1587,Chandan R. Narayan,NaN,0,Words Get in the Way: Linguistic Effects on Talker Discrimination,Brief Report
1587,"Lorinda Mak,Department of Psychology, York University",NaN,0,Words Get in the Way: Linguistic Effects on Talker Discrimination,Brief Report
1587,"Ellen BialystokDepartment of Psychology, York University",NaN,0,Words Get in the Way: Linguistic Effects on Talker Discrimination,Brief Report
1588,Vishnu Sreekumar,NaN,0,The Episodic Nature of Experience: A Dynamical Systems Analysis,Brief Report
1588,"Simon Dennis,School of Psychology, University of Newcastle",NaN,0,The Episodic Nature of Experience: A Dynamical Systems Analysis,Brief Report
1588,"Isidoros DoxasCenter for Integrated Plasma Studies, University of ColoradoCurrent affiliation:BAE Systems, Columbia, MD",NaN,0,The Episodic Nature of Experience: A Dynamical Systems Analysis,Brief Report
1589,Brett D. Roads,NaN,0,Improving Human-Machine Cooperative Classification Via Cognitive Theories of Similarity,Brief Report
1589,"Michael C. MozerDepartment of Computer Science and Institute of Cognitive Science, University of Colorado",NaN,0,Improving Human-Machine Cooperative Classification Via Cognitive Theories of Similarity,Brief Report
1590,Till Bergmann,NaN,0,The Interdisciplinarity of Collaborations in Cognitive Science,Letter to Editor
1590,"Rick Dale,Cognitive and Information Sciences, University of California, Merced",NaN,0,The Interdisciplinarity of Collaborations in Cognitive Science,Letter to Editor
1590,"Negin Sattari,Department of Psychology, University of California, Riverside",NaN,0,The Interdisciplinarity of Collaborations in Cognitive Science,Letter to Editor
1590,"Evan Heit,Cognitive and Information Sciences, University of California, Merced",NaN,0,The Interdisciplinarity of Collaborations in Cognitive Science,Letter to Editor
1590,"Harish S. BhatDepartment of Applied Mathematics, University of California, Merced",NaN,0,The Interdisciplinarity of Collaborations in Cognitive Science,Letter to Editor
1592,"Cynthia Howard,Department of Computer and Mathematical Sciences, Lewis University",NaN,0,Exploring Initiative as a Signal of Knowledge Co-Construction During Collaborative Problem Solving,Regular Article
1592,Barbara Di Eugenio,NaN,0,Exploring Initiative as a Signal of Knowledge Co-Construction During Collaborative Problem Solving,Regular Article
1592,"Pamela Jordan,Learning Research & Development Center, University of Pittsburgh",NaN,0,Exploring Initiative as a Signal of Knowledge Co-Construction During Collaborative Problem Solving,Regular Article
1592,"Sandra KatzLearning Research & Development Center, University of Pittsburgh",NaN,0,Exploring Initiative as a Signal of Knowledge Co-Construction During Collaborative Problem Solving,Regular Article
1593,Laura M. Hiatt,NaN,0,"Familiarity, Priming, and Perception in Similarity Judgments",Regular Article
1593,"J. Gregory TraftonU.S. Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, D.C.",NaN,0,"Familiarity, Priming, and Perception in Similarity Judgments",Regular Article
1594,Chi-hsin Chen,NaN,0,Tracking Multiple Statistics: Simultaneous Learning of Object Names and Categories in English and Mandarin Speakers,Regular Article
1594,"Lisa Gershkoff-Stowe,Department of Speech and Hearing Sciences, Indiana University",NaN,0,Tracking Multiple Statistics: Simultaneous Learning of Object Names and Categories in English and Mandarin Speakers,Regular Article
1594,"Chih-Yi Wu,Graduate Institute of Linguistics, National Taiwan University",NaN,0,Tracking Multiple Statistics: Simultaneous Learning of Object Names and Categories in English and Mandarin Speakers,Regular Article
1594,"Hintat Cheung,Department of Linguistics and Modern Language Studies, The Education University of Hong Kong",NaN,0,Tracking Multiple Statistics: Simultaneous Learning of Object Names and Categories in English and Mandarin Speakers,Regular Article
1594,"Chen YuDepartment of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Indiana University",NaN,0,Tracking Multiple Statistics: Simultaneous Learning of Object Names and Categories in English and Mandarin Speakers,Regular Article
1595,Timothy J. Ricker,NaN,0,Recognition Decisions From Visual Working Memory Are Mediated by Continuous Latent Strengths,Regular Article
1595,"Jonathan E. Thiele,Department of Psychological Sciences, University of Missouri",NaN,0,Recognition Decisions From Visual Working Memory Are Mediated by Continuous Latent Strengths,Regular Article
1595,"April R. Swagman,Department of Psychological Sciences, University of Missouri",NaN,0,Recognition Decisions From Visual Working Memory Are Mediated by Continuous Latent Strengths,Regular Article
1595,"Jeffrey N. RouderDepartment of Psychological Sciences, University of Missouri",NaN,0,Recognition Decisions From Visual Working Memory Are Mediated by Continuous Latent Strengths,Regular Article
1596,Andrea L. Wantz,NaN,0,Spatial But Not Oculomotor Information Biases Perceptual Memory: Evidence From Face Perception and Cognitive Modeling,Regular Article
1596,"Janek S. Lobmaier,Department of Psychology, University of BernCenter for Cognition, Learning and Memory, University of Bern",NaN,0,Spatial But Not Oculomotor Information Biases Perceptual Memory: Evidence From Face Perception and Cognitive Modeling,Regular Article
1596,"Fred W. Mast,Department of Psychology, University of BernCenter for Cognition, Learning and Memory, University of Bern",NaN,0,Spatial But Not Oculomotor Information Biases Perceptual Memory: Evidence From Face Perception and Cognitive Modeling,Regular Article
1596,"Walter SennCenter for Cognition, Learning and Memory, University of BernDepartment of Physiology, University of Bern",NaN,0,Spatial But Not Oculomotor Information Biases Perceptual Memory: Evidence From Face Perception and Cognitive Modeling,Regular Article
1597,Katrin S. Heimann,NaN,0,“Cuts in Action”: A High-Density EEG Study Investigating the Neural Correlates of Different Editing Techniques in Film,Regular Article
1597,"Sebo Uithol,Charité Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Bernstein Center for Computational NeuroscienceDonders Institute for Brain, Cognition and Behaviour, Radboud University Nijmegen",NaN,0,“Cuts in Action”: A High-Density EEG Study Investigating the Neural Correlates of Different Editing Techniques in Film,Regular Article
1597,"Marta Calbi,Department of Neuroscience, University of Parma, Unit of Physiology",NaN,0,“Cuts in Action”: A High-Density EEG Study Investigating the Neural Correlates of Different Editing Techniques in Film,Regular Article
1597,"Maria A. Umiltà,Department of Neuroscience, University of Parma, Unit of Physiology",NaN,0,“Cuts in Action”: A High-Density EEG Study Investigating the Neural Correlates of Different Editing Techniques in Film,Regular Article
1597,"Michele Guerra,Department of Arts and Literature, History and Social Studies, University of Parma",NaN,0,“Cuts in Action”: A High-Density EEG Study Investigating the Neural Correlates of Different Editing Techniques in Film,Regular Article
1597,"Vittorio GalleseDepartment of Neuroscience, University of Parma, Unit of PhysiologyInstitute of Philosophy, School of Advanced Study, University of London",NaN,0,“Cuts in Action”: A High-Density EEG Study Investigating the Neural Correlates of Different Editing Techniques in Film,Regular Article
1598,Karen B. Schloss,NaN,0,Seasonal Variations in Color Preference,Regular Article
1598,"Rolf Nelson,Department of Psychology, Wheaton College",NaN,0,Seasonal Variations in Color Preference,Regular Article
1598,"Laura Parker,Department of Psychology, Wheaton College",NaN,0,Seasonal Variations in Color Preference,Regular Article
1598,"Isobel A. Heck,Department of Cognitive, Linguistic and Psychological Science, Brown University",NaN,0,Seasonal Variations in Color Preference,Regular Article
1598,"Stephen E. PalmerDepartment of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley",NaN,0,Seasonal Variations in Color Preference,Regular Article
1599,"Wessel O. van Dam,Department of Psychology, University of South Carolina",NaN,0,Embodied Simulations Are Modulated by Sentential Perspective,Brief Report
1599,Rutvik H. Desai,NaN,0,Embodied Simulations Are Modulated by Sentential Perspective,Brief Report
1600,Albert Costa,NaN,0,Do Bilinguals Automatically Activate Their Native Language When They Are Not Using It?,Brief Report
1600,"Mario Pannunzi,Department of Information and Communication Technologies, Center for Brain and Cognition, Universitat Pompeu Fabra",NaN,0,Do Bilinguals Automatically Activate Their Native Language When They Are Not Using It?,Brief Report
1600,"Gustavo Deco,ICREA, BarcelonaDepartment of Information and Communication Technologies, Center for Brain and Cognition, Universitat Pompeu Fabra",NaN,0,Do Bilinguals Automatically Activate Their Native Language When They Are Not Using It?,Brief Report
1600,"Martin J. PickeringDepartment of Psychology, The University of Edinburgh",NaN,0,Do Bilinguals Automatically Activate Their Native Language When They Are Not Using It?,Brief Report
1601,Seth Chin-Parker,NaN,0,Contrastive Constraints Guide Explanation-Based Category Learning,Brief Report
1601,"Julie CantelonCenter for Applied Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Tufts UniversityU.S. Army Natick Soldier Research, Development & Engineering Center",NaN,0,Contrastive Constraints Guide Explanation-Based Category Learning,Brief Report
1602,Percival G. Matthews,NaN,0,Fractions We Cannot Ignore: The Nonsymbolic Ratio Congruity Effect,Brief Report
1602,"Mark R. LewisDepartment of Educational Psychology, University of Wisconsin-Madison",NaN,0,Fractions We Cannot Ignore: The Nonsymbolic Ratio Congruity Effect,Brief Report
1603,Cédrick T. Bonnet,NaN,0,Functional Synergy Between Postural and Visual Behaviors When Performing a Difficult Precise Visual Task in Upright Stance,Brief Report
1603,"Sébastien Szaffarczyk,Laboratoire de Sciences Cognitives et Affectives, University of Lille, CNRS",NaN,0,Functional Synergy Between Postural and Visual Behaviors When Performing a Difficult Precise Visual Task in Upright Stance,Brief Report
1603,"Stéphane BaudryLaboratory of Applied Biology and Neurophysiology, Université Libre de Bruxelles, FNRS",NaN,0,Functional Synergy Between Postural and Visual Behaviors When Performing a Difficult Precise Visual Task in Upright Stance,Brief Report
1604,Meredith Meyer,NaN,0,My Heart Made Me Do It: Children's Essentialist Beliefs About Heart Transplants,Brief Report
1604,"Susan A. Gelman,Department of Psychology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor",NaN,0,My Heart Made Me Do It: Children's Essentialist Beliefs About Heart Transplants,Brief Report
1604,"Steven O. Roberts,Department of Psychology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor",NaN,0,My Heart Made Me Do It: Children's Essentialist Beliefs About Heart Transplants,Brief Report
1604,"Sarah-Jane LeslieDepartment of Philosophy, Princeton University",NaN,0,My Heart Made Me Do It: Children's Essentialist Beliefs About Heart Transplants,Brief Report
1606,Thomas Busey,NaN,0,Characterizing Human Expertise Using Computational Metrics of Feature Diagnosticity in a Pattern Matching Task,Extended Article
1606,"Dimitar Nikolov,School of Informatics, Indiana University",NaN,0,Characterizing Human Expertise Using Computational Metrics of Feature Diagnosticity in a Pattern Matching Task,Extended Article
1606,"Chen Yu,Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences & School of Informatics, Indiana University",NaN,0,Characterizing Human Expertise Using Computational Metrics of Feature Diagnosticity in a Pattern Matching Task,Extended Article
1606,"Brandi Emerick,Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences, Indiana University",NaN,0,Characterizing Human Expertise Using Computational Metrics of Feature Diagnosticity in a Pattern Matching Task,Extended Article
1606,John VanderkolkIndiana State Police Laboratory,NaN,0,Characterizing Human Expertise Using Computational Metrics of Feature Diagnosticity in a Pattern Matching Task,Extended Article
1607,Kristina Kasparian,NaN,0,First Language Attrition Induces Changes in Online Morphosyntactic Processing and Re-Analysis: An ERP Study of Number Agreement in Complex Italian Sentences,Extended Article
1607,"Francesco Vespignani,Department of Psychology and Cognitive Science, University of Trento",NaN,0,First Language Attrition Induces Changes in Online Morphosyntactic Processing and Re-Analysis: An ERP Study of Number Agreement in Complex Italian Sentences,Extended Article
1607,Karsten Steinhauer,NaN,0,First Language Attrition Induces Changes in Online Morphosyntactic Processing and Re-Analysis: An ERP Study of Number Agreement in Complex Italian Sentences,Extended Article
1608,Takeshi Okada,NaN,0,"Imitation, Inspiration, and Creation: Cognitive Process of Creative Drawing by Copying Others' Artworks",Regular Article
1608,"Kentaro IshibashiGraduate School of Education, The University of Tokyo",NaN,0,"Imitation, Inspiration, and Creation: Cognitive Process of Creative Drawing by Copying Others' Artworks",Regular Article
1609,Wayne D. Gray,NaN,0,"Plateaus, Dips, and Leaps: Where to Look for Inventions and Discoveries During Skilled Performance",Regular Article
1609,"John K. LindstedtCognitive Science Department, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute",NaN,0,"Plateaus, Dips, and Leaps: Where to Look for Inventions and Discoveries During Skilled Performance",Regular Article
1610,Jacob Feldman,NaN,0,What Are the “True” Statistics of the Environment?,Regular Article
1611,Jeff Loucks,NaN,0,Children's Representation and Imitation of Events: How Goal Organization Influences 3-Year-Old Children's Memory for Action Sequences,Regular Article
1611,"Christina Mutschler,Department of Psychology, University of Regina",NaN,0,Children's Representation and Imitation of Events: How Goal Organization Influences 3-Year-Old Children's Memory for Action Sequences,Regular Article
1611,"Andrew N. MeltzoffInstitute for Learning & Brain Sciences, University of Washington",NaN,0,Children's Representation and Imitation of Events: How Goal Organization Influences 3-Year-Old Children's Memory for Action Sequences,Regular Article
1612,Arber Tasimi,NaN,0,Differences in the Evaluation of Generic Statements About Human and Non-Human Categories,Regular Article
1612,"Susan A. Gelman,Department of Psychology, University of Michigan",NaN,0,Differences in the Evaluation of Generic Statements About Human and Non-Human Categories,Regular Article
1612,"Andrei Cimpian,Psychology Department, University of Illinois at Urbana-ChampaignDepartment of Psychology, New York University",NaN,0,Differences in the Evaluation of Generic Statements About Human and Non-Human Categories,Regular Article
1612,"Joshua KnobeDepartment of Psychology, Yale University",NaN,0,Differences in the Evaluation of Generic Statements About Human and Non-Human Categories,Regular Article
1613,David M. Sidhu,NaN,0,A Prime Example of the Maluma/Takete Effect? Testing for Sound Symbolic Priming,Regular Article
1613,"Penny M. PexmanDepartment of Psychology, University of Calgary",NaN,0,A Prime Example of the Maluma/Takete Effect? Testing for Sound Symbolic Priming,Regular Article
1614,Ça?r? Çöltekin,NaN,0,Using Predictability for Lexical Segmentation,Regular Article
1616,Gregory L. Murphy,NaN,0,Do Americans Have a Preference for Rule-Based Classification?,Regular Article
1616,"David A. Bosch,Department of Psychology, New York University",NaN,0,Do Americans Have a Preference for Rule-Based Classification?,Regular Article
1616,"ShinWoo KimDepartment of Industrial Psychology, Kwangwoon University",NaN,0,Do Americans Have a Preference for Rule-Based Classification?,Regular Article
1617,Melissa DeWolf,NaN,0,Relational Priming Based on a Multiplicative Schema for Whole Numbers and Fractions,Regular Article
1617,"Ji Y. Son,Department of Psychology, California State University, Los Angeles",NaN,0,Relational Priming Based on a Multiplicative Schema for Whole Numbers and Fractions,Regular Article
1617,"Miriam Bassok,Department of Psychology, University of Washington",NaN,0,Relational Priming Based on a Multiplicative Schema for Whole Numbers and Fractions,Regular Article
1617,"Keith J. HolyoakDepartment of Psychology, University of California, Los Angeles",NaN,0,Relational Priming Based on a Multiplicative Schema for Whole Numbers and Fractions,Regular Article
1618,Jennifer S. Trueblood,NaN,0,The Generalized Quantum Episodic Memory Model,Regular Article
1618,"Pernille HemmerDepartment of Psychology, Rutgers University",NaN,0,The Generalized Quantum Episodic Memory Model,Regular Article
1619,Sarah E. Koopman,NaN,0,Evolutionary Constraints on Human Object Perception,Regular Article
1619,"Bradford Z. Mahon,Department of Brain & Cognitive Sciences, University of RochesterDepartment of Neurosurgery, University of Rochester Medical SchoolCenter for Visual Science, University of RochesterCenter for Language Science, University of Rochester",NaN,0,Evolutionary Constraints on Human Object Perception,Regular Article
1619,"Jessica F. CantlonDepartment of Brain & Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester",NaN,0,Evolutionary Constraints on Human Object Perception,Regular Article
1620,Isabelle Dautriche,NaN,0,Wordform Similarity Increases With Semantic Similarity: An Analysis of 100 Languages,Regular Article
1620,"Kyle Mahowald,Department of Brain and Cognitive Science, MIT",NaN,0,Wordform Similarity Increases With Semantic Similarity: An Analysis of 100 Languages,Regular Article
1620,"Edward Gibson,Department of Brain and Cognitive Science, MIT",NaN,0,Wordform Similarity Increases With Semantic Similarity: An Analysis of 100 Languages,Regular Article
1620,"Steven T. PiantadosiDepartment of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, University of Rochester",NaN,0,Wordform Similarity Increases With Semantic Similarity: An Analysis of 100 Languages,Regular Article
1621,Florencia Reali,NaN,0,Acceptability of Dative Argument Structure in Spanish: Assessing Semantic and Usage-Based Factors,Regular Article
1622,Christina Y. Tzeng,NaN,0,The Specificity of Sound Symbolic Correspondences in Spoken Language,Regular Article
1622,"Lynne C. Nygaard,Department of Psychology, Emory University",NaN,0,The Specificity of Sound Symbolic Correspondences in Spoken Language,Regular Article
1622,"Laura L. NamyDepartment of Psychology, Emory University",NaN,0,The Specificity of Sound Symbolic Correspondences in Spoken Language,Regular Article
1623,Sophie Dufour,NaN,0,Does Talker-Specific Information Influence Lexical Competition? Evidence From Phonological Priming,Brief Report
1623,"Noël NguyenAix-Marseille University, CNRS, LPL, UMR 7309Brain and Language Research Institute, Aix-Marseille University",NaN,0,Does Talker-Specific Information Influence Lexical Competition? Evidence From Phonological Priming,Brief Report
1624,Woojae Kim,NaN,0,Planning Beyond the Next Trial in Adaptive Experiments: A Dynamic Programming Approach,Brief Report
1624,"Mark A. Pitt,Department of Psychology, The Ohio State University",NaN,0,Planning Beyond the Next Trial in Adaptive Experiments: A Dynamic Programming Approach,Brief Report
1624,"Zhong-Lin Lu,Department of Psychology, The Ohio State University",NaN,0,Planning Beyond the Next Trial in Adaptive Experiments: A Dynamic Programming Approach,Brief Report
1624,"Jay I. MyungDepartment of Psychology, The Ohio State University",NaN,0,Planning Beyond the Next Trial in Adaptive Experiments: A Dynamic Programming Approach,Brief Report
1625,John Turri,NaN,0,Knowledge Attributions and Behavioral Predictions,Brief Report
1626,Rafael Núñez,NaN,0,Ancestral Mental Number Lines: What Is the Evidence?,Letter to Editor
1626,"Wim FiasDepartment of Experimental Psychology, Ghent University",NaN,0,Ancestral Mental Number Lines: What Is the Evidence?,Letter to Editor
1627,Katarzyna Patro,NaN,0,Limitations of Trans-Species Inferences: The Case of Spatial-Numerical Associations in Chicks and Humans,Letter to Editor
1627,"Hans-Christoph NuerkKnowledge Media Research Center/Leibniz-Institut für WissensmedienDepartment of Psychology, University of TübingenLEAD Graduate School, University of Tübingen",NaN,0,Limitations of Trans-Species Inferences: The Case of Spatial-Numerical Associations in Chicks and Humans,Letter to Editor
1628,Rosa Rugani,NaN,0,Experimental Evidence From Newborn Chicks Enriches Our Knowledge on Human Spatial–Numerical Associations,Letter to Editor
1628,"Giorgio Vallortigara,Center for Mind/Brain Sciences, University of Trento",NaN,0,Experimental Evidence From Newborn Chicks Enriches Our Knowledge on Human Spatial–Numerical Associations,Letter to Editor
1628,"Konstantinos Priftis,Department of General Psychology, University of Padova",NaN,0,Experimental Evidence From Newborn Chicks Enriches Our Knowledge on Human Spatial–Numerical Associations,Letter to Editor
1628,"Lucia RegolinDepartment of General Psychology, University of Padova",NaN,0,Experimental Evidence From Newborn Chicks Enriches Our Knowledge on Human Spatial–Numerical Associations,Letter to Editor
1629,Gregory Scontras,NaN,0,"Syntactic Complexity Effects in Sentence Production: A Reply to MacDonald, Montag, and Gennari (2016)",Letter to Editor
1629,"William Badecker,Cognitive Science Program, University of Arizona",NaN,0,"Syntactic Complexity Effects in Sentence Production: A Reply to MacDonald, Montag, and Gennari (2016)",Letter to Editor
1629,Evelina Fedorenko,NaN,0,"Syntactic Complexity Effects in Sentence Production: A Reply to MacDonald, Montag, and Gennari (2016)",Letter to Editor
